We have this potty in green.  I was lucky enough to find it on clearance at a local store by me for $12!!  If I would have known how much I would love this potty, I would have spent the money on it two years prior when we were potty training our first child.  I love the simple design of this potty and that it only has two parts.  It makes cleaning much easier.  No one enjoys cleaning out a potty, but it's so much easier when you only have two pieces to clean.  Our other potty had several pieces with it and a lot of cracks and crevices.  I just wipe this potty up with a lysol or clorax wipe and I'm done!
We've had this since she was 4 months and 4 months later she still loves it. In the beginning she just liked being able to hold the shapes. Now she's trying to take them in and out of the bowl. The bowl is perfect for storage (we throw all her other tiny things in there too), and the critters have lots fins and tabs to make it easy for tiny hands to grab and pick up. Plus it's super cute!
small, lightweight. easy to clean. Couldn't ask for more from this seat. it's great for trips to my in-laws and restaurants so my son doesn't have to use the nasty ones that are never cleaned at restaurants.
I forked out the dough for this overpriced teether after reading all the glowing reports. Grand daughter seems to enjoy it when parents remember to give it to her. But it falls short of being amazing.  No peeling of the paint or any such other complaints. She would probably use it more if I spent more time with her.
Excellent product. She can't kick it off like a normal blanket. Love how the zipper zips up from the bottom, making night time diaper changes a breeze. The fleece is soft and warm, sometimes too warm. If you buy one, it wouldn't hurt to buy the fleece one AND a cotton one for warmer nights.
I like the wooden legs as they go with my maple furniture.I like the simplicity of it, as when the kid grows up, it does not sream "baby stuff".Nothing fancy and very practical.BUY IT, you won't regret it :)
I bought this product because I was so afraid of the seat belt not being tight enough for the infant seat base.  I have used this product since my son was just a few months old.  I loved it.  I never worried about the seat belt again.  I was in a car accident with my child when he was almost 3 years old.  I was still using this product with his forward facing car seat.  My car was totalled (I drove a Saturn)...the only part of the car without damage was the roof & the drivers side...my son's car seat was on the rear passenger side, so he recieved more of the impact than I did being the driver.  I honestly believe that this  product saved him from worse injuries than he recieved.  He came out of the wreck with only scratches on the top of his head.  Even though the Mighty-Tite makes the seat belt tight so that the car seat itself won't slide around, his car seat still fell over & that is what shielded his body & face from the glass.  I don't know how it worked out that way, but if his car seat hadn't fallen to its side, I think that he may have been hurt more.  The Mighty-Tite still worked fine after the wreck, & the seat belt never broke like some of the other reviews say.  My son is now in a booster seat & we don't use the Mighty-Tite anymore, but I am pregnant with my 2nd child, I am definately going to use this product again with this baby.
We have been using this bouncy seat since my baby was a week old (with the help of one of those head-rests you use for infant car seats at first) and he has loved it since the first day we put him in it! Since the waterfall lights up, it really catches the attention of even the littlest babies. My son's favorite is the frog that moves, it keeps him spellbound! At first I thought the toys were way too low, they hit my son's legs, but as he got older I realized they need to be that low so they can activate the music, motion and light all by themselves. This seat keeps him so occupied and happy, we still have not needed to use the vibration option on this! (we have others, a papasan and one other that we NEED the vibrations or he gets cranky and bored!)This seat is HIGHLY reccommended!
I received this pump as a gift.  I like it because it is electric.  I got the manual attachment free from the hospital and it is very difficult to use even with the spring loading.  For manual use I recommend the Avent Isis.  However, there are times when I just feel like sitting down and not having to manually pump.  This works great.  It comes with storage containers and a nipple insert for smaller nipples.  Plus it comes with some lanolin just incase you get sore nipples.  It is a pretty good buy.  It doesn't work any better than a manual, but it is more convenient since you don't have to work as hard.  I wouldn't have bought it myself, but since it was given to me, I am glad to have it.  :)
I agree with the other reviewer that my baby starting at 7 mos started to bunch up this bib when she's trying to lift her hands to her mouth. It happens often. I'd give it 5 stars otherwise because the neck closure is adjustable to a small neck opening unlike many bibs out there and the material is of quality. I do recommend this but I am going try the Bjorn bibs to see if the bunching up stops there.
Fits the crib perfectly. Nice quilting but could be improved making it a little thicker. Overall, we are happy with it.
This swing is not just beautiful, but very comfortable.  Our daughter just turned 3 months old, and she loves this swing.  She has been using this since about 3 weeks old.  Yes, it was pretty fast at first because she was little--but I took care of that by putting her blanket(thick/heavy) on her and that kind of slowed the swing a little bit.  I don't have to put a blanket anymore, in fact, I select the higher setting now to get her going--she is now almost 15 lbs.  This swing was a life saver at first because she preferred to nap on this than on her crib or bassinet.  And she could nap on this for couple hours at a time.  Once we put her on this swing (going side to side), she is out in no time.  But now that she is 3 months old, she likes the front to back for playing.  The music, mobile, and mirror are adorable.  I agree with the other reviews--the mobile should have been facing the baby so they could enjoy it more.  But she definitely enjoys the mirror--she loves looking at herself.We weren't planning on getting this because we already have an older fisher price cradle swing that we used for our 2 boys, but we are glad that we got this.  The papasan seat is wonderful for newborns because it is more reclined, more padded, and comfortable, not to mention beautiful.As far as battery use, we've only replaced it one time so far in the 3 months that we have used it (a lot!), so I would say that is pretty good and well worth it.
Very cute, safe, soft & used through teething. Very good purchase. Buy one for your infant or for baby gifts. Nice size for little hands. It was used daily for a long time,
We had the Graco Luvin Hugs swing before, which broke after about 3 months. We could tell the Fisher Price swing was better made the moment we got it out of the box. So quality is definitely a bonus here. For anyone having trouble deciding between Graco & FP, here is my assessment:Things I like:Starlight mobile is motorized, and the baby loves the starlights & curtains (Graco mobile was not motorized, and was pretty much pointless)Swing has two modes - back & forth, & side to side - switching between them is EASYMusic and nature sounds (bird & cricket chirping) sound quality is MUCH better than the Graco swingThe seat looks much more comfortable, and upholstery is softerThings I don't like:Wide base takes up more space than the Graco SwingBaby gets feet stuck under tray - i had to take it offSongs do not randomize like with the Graco swing. It starts with the same song (Cannon in D) every time you turn it on. It can get a little tedious.The mobile makes a very loud clicking sound if it gets caught on something or the baby grabs it - you can hear it all over the house (scared me the first time I heard it)This swing does not have True-Speed (I don't think Graco did either, but I know Bright Starts swings do), which basically means as the baby gets heavier, the swing slows down and you have to manually adjust the speed settingThe seat is smaller than the Graco swing and supports less weight (25 lbs vs 30 lbs)Head rest is not detachable, only adjustable.All in all, it is suitable for what we use it for - keeping baby entertained while we eat dinner. I still definitely recommend it over Graco. Why risk $100+ dollars on something that is probably going to break?
I bought this when my 5 month old got too big for his small baby bathtub (he was 20lbs then).  He was a really big baby and his arm and legs were starting to hang out of the other one.  The baby seat my mom got me wouldn't stick to my bathtub floor and would tip over. So I'm so happy I found this.  It worked perfect. Exactly what I needed. Super easy and my son had so much fun taking a bath since he could play with a couple toys.  My son is 15 months old now and I have started putting him in the regular bath tub now and he does fine now that he has good balance and everything.  He is 30 pounds now and for him if he leaned over the side he would start tipping the whole bath.  But I think it's pretty sturdy, maybe just that my boy is a big for age.  Lifesaver for me when he was 6-12 months though! And it still looks brand new now, so I can use it again for next baby.
I recieved this play gym as a baby shower gift. We have been through 3 gyms and this one is the nicest. My two year old loves playing with her little sister on this. All the gyms we tried were all Fisher Price play gyms (one we found was an injury hazard after my daughter was injured on one. Fisher price somehow got wind of this and began I don't know if harassing is the right word but continued calling me on 3 occasions. Anyway none of the fisher price play gyms had this many toys. One featured Mcdonalds type toys and stopped working after two uses. It was promply thrown in he garbage where it belongs.The Baby einstein play gym is easy to fold. Takes no time setting up (a plus for a busy mom like me) and can easy store away (fisher price claims this on the Ocean Wonders Play gym but trust me from experience its not at all)
As an old school grandma I was not sure any baby would ever sleep comfortably on his back without a cuddly blanket and stuffed toys. Well, they do, and do so safely with this great design.  Out baby is quite happy in this wearable blanket, part of his bedtime routine and he is content. Stays covered all night, fabric is soft, zips away from face with zipper stop cover. Price is good, shipping is faster than direct order from Halo.Have compared to other brands (mostly European) and like these best.
This blanket is a very nice, large size and weather resistant, yet comfortable. My little baby loves laying on it outside while I'm doing yard work and has often fell asleep on it as well.It's got vertical stitching in the blanket for you to use as a guide on where the fold the blanket in half when you're folding it up, which is VERY helpful. It folds up very nicely into the compact purse-type bag as shown in the picture.
This is another idea that was long overdue!!  My granddaughter would hold onto these while she was in her seat.  If she fell asleep, these would keep her head from falling to one side.  Wish these were around when my kids were little. You do need these.  A couple different ones would not hurt so if they get dirty, you can clean them.
I bought this pillow shortly after I first found out I was pregnant, in anticipation of needing it later. I decided to try it out the first night and it seemed to fit well between my knees. And then, on a whim, I put the biggest part under my head, with the small tail curving towards me. It was amazing. I have always been a side sleeper, and this pillow is so much more comfortable than a regular pillow. The small tail is perfect as a natural arm rest and the pillow is not so thick as to create a crick in the neck. I have been sleeping with it for several days now and have never lost it over the side of the bed, and it is small enough that it doesn't crowd out my husband.I already have plans to buy a second one for the belly/legs later on when I need it. I've tried a full body pillow before, but I'm too hot natured. Even with a fan blowing on high and the temp set at 69, I would wake up burning up and sweating. I think the smaller size of this pillow will help with that and will provide the support I need without feeling like I'm pressed against a furnace at 3 in the morning!
We used these all through my son's first year of life, and there's just nothing butter.  The drop-in system is great.  It minimizes clean-up, which is great for busy moms and dads (and who isn't with a newborn?!) and best of all, it minimizes the gas that baby swallows.  So less spit-up, less burping!We really did notice a difference when a friend of our got us these, and we were switching from baby bottles.  I wouldn't ever use another baby bottle.  All the sizes and the different nipples are developed really well for every stage.  We never had any problems with leaking, or keeping them warm/cold, or storing them or anything.  They're also easy to wash.I would highly recommend these to anyone that's bottle-feeding.  They're just so handy and we tried so many different brands of bottles, and for us, these really were the best.
First off, our toddler LOVES this cot. He was crying today because he broke his cot! He's only 2 and under 40lbs and has never jumped on it. But he does stand on the corner before he lies down on it, which is exactly where the thin-walled tubing cracked and broke. It was a Christmas present and lasted exactly 6 months. It traveled well (even fit in my large suitcase no problem) and was great for light use. But my boy loved it so much (especially in warmer weather) that he started using it all the time. And that's where this product fails. Summary: Great product for occasional use but flimsy construction doesn't permit day-to-day use.*UPDATE* Regalo identified this as a manufacturing defect that was addressed and fixed in later models. They are sending a new cot free of charge. Great customer service! I have increased the rating from 2 to 4 stars. Thanks Regalo!
Great Idea and has helped out alot as our son seems to always be bumping his head on stuff in the near vicinity of him. However the glue on this device could be a little stronger because soon after applying it to what ever you need it on, our son figured out how to pull it off and now it won't stay on!
The Avent brand of bottles is an outstanding product.  For those experiencing leaks, it is simply because the bottles are an interlocking system and must be screwed on properly.  I have had no problems using these bottles, and yes I have experienced an occasional leak which I notice while I'm shaking the bottle because I have not screwed the cap on properly.  These are well worth the price paid.  I have tried both Dr. Brown's and Playtex VentAire and find the Avent products to be superior to both of these.  Highly recommended by this mom!Update March 06:  one more great feature about the Avent bottles -- they sell a sippy cap that can replace the nipple, so your investment goes into toddlerhood with no need to buy additional sippy cups!  They are leakproof, and come in a 2 pack just as the replacement nipples do.  I have found them in Toys R Us, since my local Babies R Us does not carry them.  Still a great product in my book!
We use this to guard around our fire places and I am very happy with the product.  It works well and was worth the price.
We have a big fireplace and this fit it, with some left over.  It's easy to install but, keep in mind that your baby can easily pull this off of whatever it's attached to but, you don't want something that is going to stay on forever.  Great product, Great price!
My son loves this!It is one of our car toys and keeps him busy as I drive.With different surface to choose from, he turns it round and round and chews on different parts.He loves the colours and bugs too! Often just plays with it with his little fingers.
I purchased a Boppy pillow because I am a nursing mom and needed the support.  Unfortunately I found that my daughter would roll around and could not get comfortable or stay in one place to nurse unles she was perfectly placed on it.  This pillow is great!  It is so comfortable and I don't worry about my daughter (1 month) wiggling out of it or ending up slumped over on it.  If you're a nursing mom consider this before a Boppy!  It is much softer and baby will stay put without rolling around. (I am glad I bought the Boppy with the gym, it wasn't a total waste!)  My two year old daughter also loves to snuggle with this pillow and I find myself doing the same!  In my opinion it is definately worth the money.Note- My daughter is now almost three months old and we still use this every day... it is as great as the day we got it, it really holds up!  I only wish it came with a cover!  (It is recommended that you only spot clean this pillow, washing it will make it lumpy... yuck!)  However, I had one made fairly inexpensive at our dry cleaner... we just brought in the fabric and pillow and now we just toss that into the wash when needed.  Still very happy with this pillow!
My baby has loved to nap in this seat ever since we came back from hospital.  She is very comfortable in it and the fabric is soft and cozy.  She likes the music, but the vibrations irritate her.  Now she is growing, and I can no longer put her in that seat when she is wide awake because he gets bored quickly. I had to get her a Tiny Love toy bar to keep her entertained in it. For the relatively high price, Fisher Price could have at least included a simple removable toy bar for the times when baby wants to play.
Although I don't understand why bibs need to be gender-specific, I did purchase these for my daughter. They're lightweight but durable, wash clean easily, and catch the food that dribbles from her chin. Pretty much what you look for in a bib.
I really love my nursing cover.  It's generous, so I know I'm definitely covered and my son is comfortable underneath.
I love this product!!!  It is one of the few things that I knew I wanted with my second child that I didn't have with the first, and I have not been disappointed.  I use mine on my changing table and it keeps everything so handy in one place.  It is always neat and together, and I never have to look around for what I need.  My son is still in size 1 diapers so I do find that when I pull a diaper out another one might fall out.  This is a minor inconvenience for the organization that it provides.  The last thing you want in the middle of a diaper change is to be disorganized!
My daughter has the best time with this thing.  When she gets antsy I just rotate her to a different area of toys and she is good to go.  The only thing I don't like about this toy is, as another reviewer mentions, my baby spits up and drools on it and it is hard to clean the tray area around all of the little toys.
I bought this bassinet so that my son could sleep in my room for the first couple of months of his life, before he moves into his room and his crib.  We shopped around and read reviews of a bunch of different bassinets, and we decided on this one.  I was excited about its portability and the built-in changing table, and while I read that the bassinet portion did not attach to the rest of it, I also read that the changing-table straps could be used to secure it, and so I wasn't concerned.  However, when it arrived, I found that the bassinet really does just rest in the changer, and the straps MUST be sort of wound around to attach it for the sake of safety.  This makes the carrying portion of the bassinet and the changing table both extremely inconvenient to use, as I have to unfasten and unwind the straps each time I want to move it.  It's just not worth the effort, and so I don't use either feature.  I do not know why the company has not changed this.  It would not be terribly difficult to create a way of securing the bassinet to the base that would be safe and easily detached for use.  This is why I deducted a star.Other than that, though, we have no complaints.  The bassinet is right next to the bed so that I do not have to get up to feed my son in the middle of the night.  I love that the height was adjustable because it allowed me to create a co-sleeping type experience without having the baby in the bed.  However, I would say that my bed is quite tall and the bassinet had to be set on the lowest setting, so I can see how it would be too tall for some people's beds.  I have not had the problems that other people have expressed in their reviews: my bassinet is level, and the bassinet bottom feels very flat and sturdy to me, with no dipping or caving.  Although the mattress is quite firm, my son has no trouble sleeping on it, and he seems comfortable.  He doesn't really look at the hanging decorations, but I like that I can put the hood of the bassinet up or down, which helps keep the light from his eyes.  My son also doesn't appear to like the vibration or the sounds, but they work well.Additional sheets can be purchased from The Learning Curve for a very reasonable $5 per sheet plus $2 shipping per order.  Overall, the bassinet has more frills than we needed, and the company should change some things, but we're still very pleased with our purchase, and would recommend it to anyone.
This is fabulous for making baby food.  Easy to use and clean and does a great job of grinding food.
The yellow part vibrates once little gums/teeth chomp down on it. easy to hold on to, can easily hook (Via rings or carabiner) to a diaper bag etc. Both my kids loved it while teething.
This pillow was a great sleeping aid for the prego. Its still gets used for a body pillow. Its also great on the couch, lol!
We received this as a shower gift and have enjoyed using it with our son. The assembly was easy with great instructions. The fabric is bright and cheerful and very well padded. My son weighed 7 lbs/7 oz and I have used it since his birth. I haven't had any issues with him slipping or sliding around. I just adjust the harness as needed. A great feature is that you can use the vibration for the seat with or without the music/sounds and lights. It is a great soother and entertaining for our son. At times he is overstimulated by the fish and the lights so we sinmply remove the toy bar. That's a great feature that allows for a variety of uses. The only reason I gave this 4 stars is that you cannot use the music/sounds/fish seperately; they must be used together. Overall, we are very satisfied!
I b ought this and you have to wait to make sure it isnt too hot. it wil beep when it is too cold. best one ever. I would buy it again and again. I use it nightly and my son is now 4 months old!
This has been a favorite teether for all of my 3 babies, especially when their teeth seem to be bothering them! When I first opened this toy, I thought that the little nubs seemed a little rigid; I expected them to be squishier -- but my kids haven't minded and seem to love it when they have teeth coming through.The clicking noise the ball makes when twisted seems really fascinating for an infant. When shaken, the ball makes a gentle rattling sound.  It's one of those very quiet toys appropriate for quiet occasions that some of the louder toys don't work for.I think the biggest thing this toy has to offer is the ease at which a baby can grasp this toy and chew on it. With all the little nubs, baby is always able to get one of them into her mouth.  The flatter, ring teethers are more difficult to manipulate with little hands -- seems like with those ones I have to help baby get it into her mouth.I haven't noticed any smell at all that previous reviewers talk about.  But, like another previous reviewer mentioned, I don't submerge this toy to wash it because i'm afraid that water will get trapped in the center.I wish that there was a loop somewhere to attach this to plastic links for when we're out and about in the stroller.  However, it seems pretty easy for baby to hold on to.
Before we bought this we have used two of the princelionheart wee pod basic which crack every single time. I decided to try this one out. It does seem a bit more pricey than other toilet seats but it is worth it. It is adjustable and allows the child to sit more naturally on the  toilet than the thick padded seats.
Other than the longer than expected setup time of this product, this has been a great product for us as parents of twins. I would go by The weight limit for the bassinets as they won't hold too much weight.
We have a standard fireplace hearth (no odd angles) that is about 6 feet wide and this has worked out great.  It sticks to the brick without a problem and my 11mo old plays on our fireplace constantly.  Since we bought these from BabiesRUs He has managed to get one piece off but considering he weighs 25lbs and has been pulling at these constantly I'm only taking 1 star off.  Otherwise this is doing a great job keeping him safe and reapplying the one piece isn't that hard.I bought the brown ones and both my wife and I actually think it looks pretty good on our gray brick fireplace and brown tables.  We also bought a 4 pack of their edge guards after the first two brands we tried couldn't survive my son's curiousity.  I'm sure my kid will still find some weight to hurt himself but hopefully now it won't be a call 911 kind of hurt.
I liked this pillow so much that I bought one for my sister.  Unlike other body pillows, it doesn't require you to switch it or move it as you toss from side to side during a night's sleep.  It's like a pillow nest. :)  It supports your head, belly, and legs all at once, regardless of what side you sleep on.  While it costs a little more than other ordinary body pillows it's totally worth it.  A good night's sleep is priceless, particularly when you're pregnant.  I highly recommend it!
I highly recommend Sophie! My thirteen month old still uses it as a teething toy above all the others I have purchased.  I have found (by accident) that running it through the dishwasher on the top shelf makes it stop squeaking.  Could be a useful tidbit of info if the squeaking is driving you crazy.  We have definitely gotten our money's worth!
My girlfriend has this for her newborn and absolutely loves it. The baby loves the aquarium thing and my friend swears this bouncer is the only reason she gets to take a shower.  However, I was over the house one night along with a friend of hers who has a two year old.  Thank God the baby wasn't in the bouncer at the time, but the 2yr old tripped over the bouncer and flattened it making it not bounce anymore.  It just seems a little flimsy for $45. Her husband and a friend had to pull it back out, but still. It should be able to withstand that kind of thing. This is probably great for people with no other children but if this is your second child or more, you might want to get something sturdier.
These bibs are a great addition to infant feeding accessories. My only complaint is that I wish they were more absorbent. My son spits up a lot, and the bibs are great at catching most of the spit up, but sometimes there's so much that the wetness seeps through to his clothing. If spit up is not a major issue with your child, these bibs are great for catching milk, etc.
I've bought this toy for my 4 month old son.  I wanted something that he can practice grasping and improve his coordination, that's fun, portable, with fun colors and BPA free.  Well-this toy does just that!!  It also keeps my son entertained for a while, I can hang it from his crib or car seat, and he really enjoys it.  He grabs the different parts easily, swats at it, shakes it and puts it in his mouth.  I'm sure that he will use this toy for several more moths as it has many hidden "treasures".  So baby is happy, and when baby is happy, mom, dad and everyone else around are happy!
I looked at every maternity pillow out there - I was nervous to buy one online, not knowing if I'd like it or not since reviews are always contradicting. Glad I ended up getting this one. It does take up quite a bit of space in the bed, but the only complaint my hubby has had is that he's snuggling against a pillow wall rather than me. But it is so worth it for the comfort you will receive. I got this towards the end of my 1st trimester, and it instantly made a difference in sleeping comfortably. You can also bend the top up and add an extra pillow and its great for reading in bed. Get this pillow, you will not regret it.
The concept of this product is great, but it did not work for us. We have queen bed and with this between us, my husband and I were very uncomfortable.It requires seperate bedding for me and my husband - this was not very practical for us. We used it a couple of times and then stopped. For the times we used it the baby seemed very comfortable.This may be more practical if you have a king size bed.
i love these i usually use it for oatmeal. they come with lids too! i also like the colors they come in.
What would you pay for a toy that entertains your child, makes them smile and giggle with delight and plays some of the best toy music youve ever heard? Well Id pay a lot more than theprice for this toy!I never thought Id buy a musical toy, they all annoyed me! ButI saw this toy online and checked out the sound at TRU and I bought it. I bought it for my now 6 month old when she turned 3 months and she has loved it from the day we brought it home!I love that this is a toy that will grow with your baby from laying on the floor, sitting to standing. And at each phase the toy performs differently teaching your baby new things.There is absolutly nothing about this toy that we dont like. She plays with it for 20-40 minutes at a time since we gave it to her! Which allowed me to take a shower, eat something, etc.This is a fantastic toy and one that your baby will love and grow into for a long time.
Excellent Car Seat from 5-85 lbs. I purchased 3 of these and they are comfortable and safe. They are a little heavy but very secure if properly installed.
Great projection on wall - my baby loves this as part of his bed time routine. THe lights seem to dim periodically - but overall a great addition to my baby's world! (My husband wants one for our room!)
I purchased the regular Boppy first. I misunderstood the description and thought it had a removable cover which it doesn't.  It is washable but you put the whole pillow in the washer/dryer. The directions say to dry it with a green tennis ball (strange). I decided to return it and get the Boppy Luxe which does have a removable cover. I like the fabric much better too. It is soft and warm whereas the regular Boppy material is more scratchy.Although I haven't used this product as much as I thought I would, when I have used it it's been great. It's good to remember to use it for those long, sleepy nursing sessions in the evenings. Keep a book by you...I've found I can nurse and read at the same during these long dozzy sessions. Since she's been 3 months old I have occassionally put her in it like a little seat and play with her. She likes this for short periods.
This is just what I need for those times when my daughter wants to walk all over the place and grab everything in sight. In the Step & Play Piano, no matter where she turns, there's something safe for her to play with. The thing that I like about this is it's not a mobile walker, so she can't wander away or bump into anything, but unlike other stationary entertainers, she still has the ability to use her feet to move herself forward (which she loves to do). If you use it on a smooth surface or a floor that's not carpeted be advised that it can move slightly when baby does allot of bouncing. It's not enough to slide across the floor into anything, but just be aware that there is nothing to keep it attached to one spot on the floor. Also, make sure you assemble in the room where you want to keep it or in a room you can easily move it out of because it doesn't fold down or disassemble. I've read some reviews that said babies were scratched by the underside of the seat. I haven't had this problem. Apparently Fisher-Price redesigned it and now it comes with a smooth seat frame with no sharp edges.***Update***When my little girl started to stand I went looking for a toy that she could use for balance. It wasn't long before I realized that we already had the perfact thing, the Step & Play Piano! First she just held on to the top, then gradually she started taking a few steps. Now I have removed the seat and she cruises all around, stepping on keys, playing the instruments and looking at herself in the mirror. This is one of the best baby investments I've made. Finally, an item she won't grow out of before she's a year old!
These bibs are great! The velcro is nice and strong and the bib itself is quite large so it covers the entire front of the baby and most of the shoulders which is perfect! I highly reccommend these bibs
This is a great diaper bin. It operates great and seems to be well constructed. I have been using it for 2 weeks and so far I love it.
I love the size and construction. It's perfect for nursing and I  Don't feel like I'm wearing a giant blanket.
This works great keeping my 1 year old out of the toilet.  I have had a few adult visitors who couldn't figure out the system and were able to just remove the whole thing.  I'm not sure how they did it, and my kiddo can't, so I'm keeping it.  But keep in mind it is possible to remove without really meaning to.
This wasn't exactly what I was expecting but it is very cute. The part of it that makes the sounds is a bit bulky. Its very soft and has a velcro tab to wrap around the crib and there is a timer for the sounds to play.
I purchased this exersaucer for my twins when they were about 5 months old, they are now 8 months and still LOVE it! The toys around the tray all do different actvities ((i.e spin, squeak, rattle, play music etc)) and all hold the attention of my boys. The seat swivels very easily and also bounces! My boys also have a jumperoo ((which is much more fun to bounce in)) but they can also bounce in the exersaucer which they love! The seat has larger leg holes for the "chubby" babies, and is also an easy to wipe fabric. The legs have ((I believe)) 3 height adjustments, and they are easy to change. The saucer folds down pretty compactly, and I can fit it in a corner next to our entertainment center if we want more room in our family room. Also, now that its nicer out I have taken the exersaucer outside on the porch, and it is very easy to lift and carry if you inside-out the seat and hold it from the leg holes. The toys are also removable ((most of them)) and washable, which is a VERY important feature on a childrens toy.All in all my boys and I are EXTREMELY pleased with the exersaucer!
We use this when we visit grandparents for meals and it is perfect.  It is easy to clean, very easy to transport and works great!
As an infant my son liked this chair but not nearly as much as he liked his swing. He liked to be in motion and if he was in this chair I would usually have to sit next to him and rock (as opposed to a bouncer where his own movements were strong enough to cause rocking). I tried rocking it with my foot so that I could eat while keeping him in the chair but it was not comfortable. Now at 6 months he likes to practice standing next to it while holding on to it, but in all honesty he doesn't really like sitting anywhere at this stage. I expect him to like it again as he is a little older (his older cousins go nuts with it when visiting). He totally didn't care about the vibrating function but absolutely loved the puppy - too bad the melody is less than a minute so I'd have to keep pulling it for him.Bird toy - once he realized that if he pulls hard enough he can get it out of the socket it became his favorite toy. One danger is that as he pulls on it when it comes out the momentum can carry it to smack him in the head. Also once he gets it out he of course chews on it. He just got his first tooth and I noticed that with that tooth he has scraped off the pink paint from the circles and the green paint from the beak. Too bad but it's bye bye birdie now.FOLLOW UP: As I expected my first one grew into sitting on the chair around 18 months. From 18 months to 3 years it was "his" chair to watch cartoon, read books and lounge. He is 4 now and still occasionally sits in it although he likes the couch better now. The chair has moved to his 1 year old little brother who likes to climb it. The arms and toys were lost/thrown out a long time ago and I don't bother to put in new batteries since the kids don't like the vibration but the chair itself is holding up just great.
This thing is awesome . . . I made the HUGE mistake at registery for the Graco set . . . I hated the stroller, and oddly so did my daughter. But this thing was great! So lightweight and easy to open and close.Buy it.
like the baby friendly ink, it should have more if one is not so good making the prints, with a baby it happens
Holds the bottle stuff pretty well, but not everything always gets clean because of the way you have to put things in.
I love the fact that all I have to do is throw the bibs in to the washer and thats it not have to wash the whole bjorn and then hang to dry. Way easier.
My infant loves this chair.Very easy to carry from room to room.My baby has fallen asleep on it. I put her on it next to me while doing housework.
My chunky little one enjoyed hers for a while. It is beautiful, soft and looks unbelievably comfortable. (I just wish they made tem in my size.) They work lovely to sooth newborns and even has a soft blanket and toy.
Best brush EVER! I won't recommend any other. We broke half a dozen of the regular bottle brushes before getting this one and we are STILL happy with it several months later. It's truly the best brush on the market.As far as negative review go, I don't use the 'nipple cleaner', I just turn my nipples inside out and scrub them. And it doesn't matter to me that the bristles are only on one side. Every other dish brush is made this way, including the one I wash my drinking glasses with, so why would it be harder to wash my bottles that way?
These are my go-to bibs. They wipe clean simply and love the pocket to catch food. My little one seems to think it is the best for storing snacks for later. :)
When my son was first learning to eat solids, these came in really handy.  You can put a little baby food or a piece of fruit in the freeze (ice cube tray) and use them in these.  My son loved frozen apple juice and banana in these.
We love this swaddle blanket. Even though we love using blankets as well, and my baby loves being swaddled, we got this to see if it would help. She sometimes get out of normal blankets, but not this one! And she sleeps longer and is more rested when we use this. We're getting more!
I have Fibromyalgia  and nursing causes me a lot of pain in my back and shoulders.  This Nursing pillow gives me so much support and helps ease that pain for me! I would recommend this pillow to every nursing momma!
I ordered an extra set so I could leave one at work and one at home.  They fit just like the set that came with the pump and have worked well.
I was looking for a small drying rack for Sigg water bottles and this is perfect. It has two different sized adjustable arms so that you can arrange it to suit your needs. Also, not pictured, is a little attachment for tops and lids.
We now own two of these amazing chairs: one for our house and one for use at daycare.  As a parent, it is important to me to have my daughter happy, secure, and close to me.  She hates slings and the like, so I was baffled about what to do because I couldn't hold her all day.  I can easily bring this with me to different rooms of the house, and she loves it.  When she is fussy because of gas, and my arms are falling off from bouncing her, I put her in her chair on the floor, sit on the couch, and gently bounce her with my foot.  She immediately calms down.  I know it sounds over the top, but this chair makes me a better parent.  It is my miracle worker.
Well, I donated this swing to the nearest Salvation Army a while back..but I'm just now catching up on reviews....we LOVED it! It had great music and sound options and the seating was very comfortable and flexible! I put both my 2 boys in it and it was a sanity saver! You will not go wrong buying this swing! It is wonderful!
Got this for our new mini crib. Fits the mattress just fine and is so very very soft. We will be getting more in other colors :)
My son would not sleep without this!!!!!!!!!!! It was a life saver for me and when he grew out of the size small I got this one in large and it worked perfect!!!!!!!!! It is the only kind he couldn't wiggle out of :)
DS loves his Sophie and is very vocal while gnawing on her.  The material is good but like others have said it's very comparable to a dog toy...and it's even been mistaken for one!!  The legs are too long in my opinion and DS has gagged on them when he sticks Sophie in his mouth too far.  I really dislike the smell of the rubber but I guess that comes with a rubber toy.  Overall I'm glad MIL gave us this as a gift but no way would I have spent almost $20 on it.  Just sayin.
I didn't use this much because my baby cried most of the time when I put her in the carrier.  I used it a few times when I had to push my mom in the wheelchair and carry my baby at the same time because I had no other alternative to carry my baby.  She liked it a few times when she was a little older and could face outward.  I really didn't find much use for it, though.  Maybe our next baby will like it more.  Our first was a little fussy in her first 5 months or so.
This is definitely the pump to have if you are going to have to pump much.  I had to pump the first month of my baby's life while she was in the hospital.  I had a lot of trouble getting my supply up since she wasn't on me, and I wasn't even able to hold her much.  I used the hospital pump during the day, and at night this one after I got it.  At first I had a single pump (Medela), but it took twice as long.  Plus, the lactation consultants say that double pumping stimulates your production better.  I got as much from this pump as the one at the hospital.  Pumping is not fun, breastfeeding is so much easier, but if you have to pump this is the way to go.  Medela pumps are much better than the rest. Breast milk is so much better than formula. Whatever it takes, it is worth them getting the breast milk.
It's so simple, makes your life so much easier!!! The lit will close if you turn it until you find the right position. Also, remember not to sterilize more than 4 bottles at the time. It just works perfectly. My baby is 8 months now and I've been using it since she was born. GREAT!
good extentions goes perfect with the Friendly Toys Playzone with Sound and Lights makes playzone bigger. I like this addition.
We use this gate to block baby from going into the kitchen.  But the primary entrance/exit to our house is via the kitchen, so we needed something easy to open with your hands full.  Voila, the hands-free gate!  It is great, you can open and close it with your foot and knee just like the other reviews state.  We had to buy 2 extensions, one on each side of the gate to cover the opening to our kitchen.  They work great, we have had no problems.  I have two complaints, but they do not outweigh how much I like this gate:  First, the gate was difficult to install.  There was one part that wouldn't fit properly, my husband had to bend something with pliers to get it to fit on.  Caused about 10 minutes of extreme aggravation, haha.  Second, the pedal is so noisy when you push down on it!  I need to try some WD-40 to see if that will help, I honestly haven't tried that yet.  But still, we really like this gate and the noise problem doesn't change that fact!  Baby hangs all over it and I don't see how she would ever be strong enough to press down on the pedal herself and open it, you really do need to press hard!
I loved this for my daughter starting at about 4 months because she loved it and it was supportive and portable. When she started sitting up this was perfect because I could let her sit up and not have to worry about her falling over and hurting herself. She also spent a lot of time looking at all the bright colors and the squeaking toy on there always got her attention. I stopped using it around 8 months when she started to crawl because she would spring herself out of it pretty easily.
I received one of these as a gift from a friend who felt sorry for me when I told her my newborn daughter wasn't sleeping in her own crib very well.  The first couple of nights it seemed to help somewhat, then she went back to normal.  What I did was &#34;train&#34; her to associate the sound of the ocean with comfort by playing it when I was nursing her laying next to her in bed for a week or two.  Since then it has worked wonders!  At first I toted the one back and forth from daycare and home.  I forgot to take it to daycare a couple times and they said they could definitely tell a difference in trying to get her down for naps.  So I ordered a second one to leave at daycare.  At home, if she is tired and cranky but has just eaten, I will use it to get her to sleep.  Sometimes it is almost like magic, turn it on and cuddle her a bit and she is out!  Other times it still takes a bit to get her to sleep, but does seem easier with this than nothing.  I have also played the ocean sound while she is napping so I can vacuum without her waking up.That being said, I am starting to question the quality of the materials.  On the first one I got, which is about 3 months old, the seam on the sheep's belly is starting to come open, like it is a very thin and easily torn material.  Also, there were a couple times that it turned off while I was adjusting the volume button, even though it had fresh batteries.  Even with these concerns I can still use it with great success, but am afraid I will have to replace it at some point.
You can see the stars in blue/green/yellow - for each color different button. Sooo easy to operate.you can see the stars on all walls in the room and it looks so nice.all 3 colors.i do recommend this.
A million times better than the diaper genie!  And less expensive as you use your own garbage bags.  Highly recommend this product!
Love the different materials put together to make the mirror. I also like that it has a few features. You can take the mirror off and attach it to the crib with velcro straps on the back. And then I keep the black and white side of the cushion on his playmat turned towards him so he can see it since he's a newborn. Then when he's able to you can also use the cushion  for tummy time.
This is going to be a Ideal gift for my little grandaughter for her 1st Birthday. She is going to just love it !This was a great price for the quality & quantity for such a great playset.I would highly recommend this to all my friends or family
We like this toy.  The corners are very soft and it is very easy for a baby to turn on and off. He loves moving it around the room.  A few of the sounds could be improved. But I would buy this for a friend.
My son hasn't quite grasped that these keys are for chewing, but he does like looking at them.  They are bright and colorful.  The texture is also rubbery and seems like it will be good for nomming on.
For my first child I had an Eddie Bauer travel combo. Hated it. It was big, bulky and I was just not happy with it at all. Second time around we purchased a Phil and Teds classic stroller with the second seat. That thing is a money pit. After breaking two handlebars which are necessary to hold the infant carseat.. I've gotten the Snap n Go which is something I've always entertained the thought of buying. Let me just say, I should have bought this for child number one! This thing is awesome! Very simple, yet it has what I need. Two cup-holders. A place to put my keys and phone. A basket on the bottom for the diaper bag. My Eddie Bauer infant car seat rests on this stroller absolutely perfectly. Then we just strap it on for safety. Highly recommend!
This seat is just what I was looking for. For my first baby I got the whole baby tub with all the colorful gimmicks... which I never used. It was alright, but the kids slumped to the side in it. When I had my second I wanted to bathe them together, but the baby tub was too big to put in the big bath tub and have any room left for the 2 year old. In comes the PRIMO bath seat. It fits perfectly in one end of the tub. My little guy is 25 inches and 15 pounds and it is still quite comfortable. This would also work on the counter for those first sponge baths. Our sink is pretty small, so it wouldn't fit there, but it would in a bigger one.
We keep these in our diaper bags and vehicles so we can leave behind dirty diapers at restaurants, gas stations, friends' houses, etc. without embarassment.
I had a couple Playtex Sippy Cups that were a few years old, and missing the valves to make them spill-proof. Found these online, ordered them, and sure enough they fit perfect and the sippy cups are good as new again!
Way easier than wrapping a baby in a blanket.  However, there is research out there that swaddling reduces a baby's rooting reflex so I'm not sure I'll use these on a future baby.
This was a gift for a friend. She said the clay was very easy to work with and after the first failed attempt to get her infant's foot mark she was able to re-roll the clay to set it again.I viewed the end product and it looks very nice.
I bought a Boppy pillow for my baby before she was born. After we were discharged from the hospital following my emergency C-Section, I tried to nurse my baby girl with the Boppy. But it was too big and thick. It wouldn't fit around my plus size body that was so sore from the surgery. My baby was re-admitted to the hospital following her postpartem appointment. The lactation nurse wanted me to try to use the My Brest Fiend nursing pillow. I was afraid that it wouldn't fit around my waist. But it fit perfectly and provided a comfortable surface for my baby and I to nurse. I was able to feed my baby in various positions and it gave me a lot of support to snuggle with her after feeding. The back pillow section felt really good behind my lower back. And it will also fit my husband who is much thinner than I.  I am going to buy this before my baby is discharged from the hospital.
I have a four month old who wants to be held all day long! I can't get anything done, the only thing I get is a back ache.  I started putting him in this carrier around the house to free my hands & to get stuff done. It is great. He loves it. I see other reviews mention back pain.  So far I haven't had a problem with back pain, my son weighs 13 pounds. My husband has a very bad back & so far so good for him too.
We have used a series of SleepSacks for my daughter since the day she was born, starting with the ones with the swaddling "wings" and graduating on as she grew. We love how these work, the zipper ends at the bottom when zipped so its not near her face, and is nearer the "bottom end" for night time changing. These are the heavier feeling polyester ones, we prefer these during the winter when sometimes the house gets a wee bit cooler. The durability is very nice on them we haven't had any have any problems with zipper misalignment, tears, etc. Also since the baby stays in them unlike a blanket, night time feedings or comforting when baby can't sleep can be done very simply by picking the baby up and she stays nice warm and cozy without getting woken up more and fussy.I heartily recommend these to anyone with a baby or small toddler.
I use this to keep pumped milk good until I get home from work.  Also fits some of my pump parts for in between pumpings.
This is the best.  I use it with a large infant tub and my baby is supported wonderfully.  It gives him a cushy padding that makes his bath more pleasurable.  He's still getting use to taking a bath and he cried much louder in a normal tub.  Now he hangs out and only cries once I start washing his hair.  It dries quickly and easily (I just hang it in the shower).  You can use it in a tub or sink, but the other infant tub works best for me.
I bought diaper disposal bags from a different brand and the trash can still smelled like diapers. These bags tie further down into the bag, sealing off the smell. I just emptied the trash can and didn't have to wince at the smell. Love these and will refill when they are used up.
Best dispenser and I can't find this one in stores! I received the pink and purple and I have a boy but it's cute to me! Wish there was a way to request a certain color.
We finally broke down & secured all the furniture to the walls recently.  We had the brackets from that came with the furniture (mostly ikea stuff, but some other brands as well) & 1 set of these.  We ended up buying 2 more sets of these since they're much better than the stuff that usually comes with the furniture (& definitely much better than the ikea standard ones).  Much easier & much more secure.
Bought a different color, blue with brown circles, and got to use for our baby daughter. Just started using now that she is four months and it is a great size. We use it as an indoor playmat, with an emphasis on the ability to fold up quickly and put away compactly, which is necessary in a NYC apartment.
Exactly what I wanted: a super soft, easily washable, nice looking cover that's easy to put on the changing table pad.  Will be buying another. Best cover out there. Its nice that the cover has holes for the changing table straps too. Bought the same thing in crib mattress size too and my baby girl loves it.
This works great for most everything you'll need to plug in.  It is not intended to cover something with an  adapter, so if you want this flexibility, I would suggest purchasing a different product.  I like that it helps keep cords short and out of the way.
We tried several different type of bottles and loved the VentAires for their simplicity when cleaning. There were other bottles that had too many removable parts and special cleaning brushes that became bothersome. All parts are easy to clean without special brushes and some of my mom friends have even put theirs into the dishwasher with success. The Wide Bottle is best for babies who are going between breast and bottle, but to be honest, both of my boys used the standard bottle design and went back and forth without issue.
We have the lady bug for our daughter and the turtle for our son. They love them! We use them during bedtime routines and everyone enjoys looking at the stars.
An amazing buy.  Looking to actually buy a couple more.  It is super soft and fits nicely on.  I have the terry cloth ones and they are no where near as thick as this one is or as soft.  A must buy for any nursery.
The free one we got from the hospital at delivery final wore out and I was looking for a replacement. This one is perfect! Holds two large DrBrowns bottles. Definitely recommend
At first glance, this may appear to be a very simple, really simple toy.  But looks can be deceiving as they were for me when I was searching for that perfect toy for my grandson who is 9 months old.  At first, I did pass it by without a second look because I was sure there was nothing he could do with this toy and have any fun let alone learn anything.  Boy, was I wrong.  After searching the web for several hours (we know how that goes, don't we?) I returned to the Amazon toy department.  I have now learned that if you are looking for toys, shop no further than Amazon!  I purchased this My First Fishbowl, and when I received it, I was just about bowled over at how cute it was.  There are so many details about this toy that a toddler of 9 months won't remember until he's about 2!  Each fish is different.  Each fish makes a different sound.  Each fish is a different color in different fabrics new to a baby's touch.  Then, there's the fishbowl itself!  It is made so well of such quality material that my grandson found it just as much fun to play with the empty bowl.  The inside of the bowl is actually lined with a pillow-soft, satin, water-design fabric that is very attractive to the little ones.  The clear sides are of touch vinyl that won't give way to any abuse by someone for whom this is made.  It's so neat that even I like playing with it.  This is as good as it gets, and I hope to purchase more toys made by Lamaze.  If you want fun--if you want learning--you get both with this toy.
My husband and I both use this baby carrier on a daily basis with our (currently) 7-week-old baby boy. (We starting using the carrier when he was about 2.5-weeks old.) The carrier is easy to put on and take off, and our boy loves snuggling next to us as we walk about or get some chores done around the house. It usually soothes him enough that he's off into dreamland within a few minutes, though sometimes he likes to just "hang out" in the carrier for awhile while we go about our daily activities. The carrier is well-made, durable, and cute.
Since we practice elimination communication we looked for a potty that would work well for a young child who just began sitting with no (or very little) support. We started using this when our LO was 5.5months old. From the age of 6.5 months or so, our LO was really comfortable on this potty (it was OK earlier, but only for very short duration). It is very steady, and super easy to keep clean -- you just take out the inner compartment and wash it out. We are very happy with the decision to go with this model.
My daughter is crazy about this jumperoo. She will jump and jump until she will gets tired. I can do things just putting her in this jumper, Love it! Fisher Price did a good job with this great product.
These door stops work very well.  They stop the door with enough space so that little baby fingers don't get caught.
We loved this chair so much that we bought two...one to keep in the car and one as a lower profile &#34;high chair&#34; in the house.  We have also purchased countless more of these chair to give as gifts for new parents.  The pieces are all easy to clean and the straps keep the chair sturdy on chairs.  We really like the adjustable height function too.  HIGHLY recommend!
I used this bathtub from the day I brought my son home until he was old enough to climb out of it on his own. When he was really tiny we just put a rolled up waschloth at his groin to prop him up a bit more. But it was so nice that he could be supported but be deeper in the water. He stayed warmer and he was much more relaxed than when we bathed him in the standard baby tub at my parents house. As he got older we were able to let him splash and kick and explore so much more because the back is so supportive. Yes, it is a little large, but it has a drain in the bottom and we just stored it in the regular bathtub when we werent showering. Recommend it to all my moomy-to-be friends.
We bought a second one for our second daughter.  Light, easy to clean, durable. Makes the chore of changing sheets easier.
my son started using this potty at 6 months. it is one of the only potties small enough for infant potty training. the potty has a great splash gard, and appears to be shaped to help my son go. almost like the squatting position you see kids do in diapers.although i have seen kids as old as 2.5 using this potty, it appears to be geared more for younger ones.
The bath toys are colorful, quality, playful worthy bath time pals for the tots.  They enjoy them, which makes the purchase choice a good one.
This is my son's favorite bottle because it's easier for him to hold. Glad to buy the upgraded replacement nipples for his age range to be able to continue to use them.
I love this activity mat. It has quite a few toys and empty hooks to put your own. The music is very nice and not annoying. I wish that the butterflies didn't get in the way of the flashing lights at the top though. My guy has reflux so I usually put him on the boppy looking up. If he's been awake (and digesting) long enough we do tummy time here too.
My in-laws wanted to purchase a cot for my son, who is 24 months old.  They had trouble finding one under the $60 price point in local stores (Seattle area).  This cot fit the bill, pricewise.  When we received the cot, we opened the box and my son was interested right away.  The quality is very much the same as adult cots in the $50 and up price range.  The stitching is very sturdy, the middle is reinforced with straps and double stitching as well.  The ease of folding and placing into the carry-all cover is incredible.  We intended to use this cot for travels to Grandma and Grandpa's home, since our son has outgrown his playpen; however, since opening this cot, our son has used it for his daily naps in our living room!  Everyday use with a 24 month old boy, who weighs 35 pounds and is 37" tall, and this cot has held up just great!  I would highly recommend this cot to any toddler parent looking for a nap cot or a travel bed for their child.
This is the best ride-on toy I've seen.  The wheels rotate in all directions, so kids have no problem pushing it around the floor.  No more whining because the toy won't go the direction they want!  It travels well on all surfaces.  My daughter is able to ride from hardwood floors, over our throw rugs, and back onto the hardwood again, without skipping a beat.  I wouldn't try it outside, though... I think the concrete would scratch up the plastic wheels too much.  The surface material is very easy to clean.  I bought this for my daughter when she was 1 y/o.  She didn't start to actually ride on it until she was about 15 months old...but before that she had a blast holding onto the handlebar and pushing it around the house!  It was a great hit at her party!!  Her 3 y/o nephew had to be forced to get off of it and went home asking for a "bug" for himself.
I have used different diaper disposal systems at friend's houses.  The only one I have no experience with is the Diaper Champ.  I feel that the Diaper Dekor is one of the best on the market right now from my experience.  I have mine full to the brim and so far have not detected any odors and I am not hard of smelling.  I feel that if a diaper system smells then there is no point in purchasing one.  You could just buy a cheap Rubbermaid trashcan instead.  This one looks nice and is easy to use.  I am very glad I received this as a shower gift.
We did not buy a standard high chair for our home due to lack of space. This high chair seat has worked great over the past year and a half from when he needed the tray to now as he sits at the table. We would also travel with this due to it being able to fold up slightly and when relatives did not have a high chair.
My kids were lucky enough to receive a Prince Lionheart wheelyBug and they love it. We picked out the tiger, which is a unisex design perfect for either a boy or a girl. As soon as I opened the box, I was happy, because this toy comes completely assembled. I hate having ti put toys together, especially this time of year when there are so many other things to do on Christmas morning. This toy is set and ready to go.The wheelyBug is is a little animal shaped shooter that is perfect for babies and toddlers. The seat is cushioned and there is a handle to help kids get a grip and control it. I love that it's completely kid-powered. They just push along with their feet, so they are getting exercise while they play. Its small enough that we can toss it in the car--its perfect for riding at the zoo, but they can also ride it around the house. It only weighs about four pounds, so its easy to carry around when you're on the go. It wheels well on both carpet and tile. The material is easy to wipe down if anything spills on it and it's very sturdy and well made. Just be aware that it is on the smaller side and designed for very young children, probably no older than five, but it will vary depending on size. My daughter is four years old and 35 pounds, and she is able to ride the larger size wheelyBug without any problems.
These are lightweight and great to bring along in your diaper bag as it folds up very small. It's also waterproof.  My favorite thing about it is that it has a generous Velcro strip so you can adjust to your baby's neck size.  What I find from a lot of bibs is that I can't adjust it any smaller and the food ends up on the collar.  When you put this on baby, it also covers part of the shoulder area so if he rubs his face against his shoulders, you're still covered!  It's the little things that make moms appreciate this bib!
For all the items out there that are $60+ for a car seat stroller - this is a great price and is super simple to use. Would easily recommend this over anything. Great design and easy.
Once my little one started crawling and the little snugabunny gym was no longer safe, my husband reminded me we got this at our baby shower. Baby likes the colors and all the noises, he has plenty of room to move around and he is safe in it. I love that it's made well and expect to use it for a while.
These sleeps sacks are great. Bed room is over garage and gets chilly at night so these are nice and warm for the baby. Better than swaddling
We bought this play yard--and the two-panel extension kit--in 2010.  We are still using it in 2012!  Mind you, we only used it once as a "play yard" for our twin toddlers.  It isn't big enough for them outside, and as soon as the novelty wore off all I got was whining.  Moreover, had we tried it again I'm sure they would have figured out in minutes how to just pick the thing up and crawl under.What we used it for is babyproofing, in about a thousand different configurations.  We originally divided our open kitchen/dining room in half, which allowed us to totally block off the front half of the house from the kids.  Then, when we opened up this part of the house, we used it to block off certain areas (kitty litter/cat food area, trash can/broom area, treadmill area).  We also took four of the panels with us on vacation--used two to block the TV and the other two to seal off the deck steps.  We've taken a panel to my mother-in-law's house to tie it to her stair banisters.  And we've used two panels to seal off the steps for our own deck, making an outdoor playpen out of the deck all of last summer.I highly recommend buying several sets of theKwiktwist Giant Twist Tie 2-Pack- Redso you can attach these to table legs, banisters, or any other furniture.  (We've even put a few screws in the walls and tied them in place.  You can  also of course use any other type of tie-line or fabric to tie these in place.)I can't imagine anyone--except maybe a family with a completely uninquisitive, mellow, obedient child (does such a thing exist?)--being sorry they made this purchase.
My first daughter loved this seat and often fell asleep in it when it was on vibrate.  She loved playing with the fish and listening to the music.My second daughter was born 4 weeks ago and she loves the seat too. She also falls asleep in it often and likes the music.  The bounce part is nice to - helps to get them relaxed and asleep!  It's a must have!
Saved our lives w our colicky baby! The heat and natural smells would soothe him when he would be inconsolable for hours! Recommend to all w babies w tummy issues or just to have on hand for the dreaded tummy problems --
My wife and I chose this Playtex feeding system for our first child.  We had some standard bottles, also.  We found that the Playtex system avoided the baby ingesting a lot of air when sucking.  Therefore the baby got more nutrition and we had to do less burping.  I highly recommend this system as a baby shower gift.Be careful putting these plastic bottles in a bottle warmer and dishwasher with a drying coil.Gunner  March,2012
I wasn't sure what the big deal about Sophie was, but all my mama friends told me I had to have one for my son, so I got one. And it's true! Sophie is loved instantly! My 6 month old son immediately grabbed onto her and started chewing everyone, drooling, and smiling. I don't know what it is (she is cute), but the hype is true: Sophie will quickly become one of your child's top favorite toys!
These bowls are great!  They are so colorful and cute!  I bought them today and they work great on my son's highchair tray.  These will be most helpful when my son begins to feed himself, as he is starting to show interest in doing.  The only draw back on the bowls is that they cannot be microwaved due to the permanently attached suction cup on the bottom.  They are dishwasher safe though!
I'm pleased with this monitor.  I've had it for about 3 months and I haven't had any problems so far.Originally I had registered for a different monitor, but I had to make a change when I looked into the frequency of my wireless internet.  For those of you with wireless internet, apparently the 2.4 Ghz monitors can cause interference.  On the other hand though, I have had some interference with this monitor picking up some phone conversations in the neighborhood.  It doesn't happen very often, but when it does, I just change to the other channel and the problem goes away.The nice thing about the child unit is that it attaches to the crib-you just lock it onto the top bar and then unlock it when you need to take it off to recharge.  I find that I have no problem with the unit lasting through night (10-12 hours), but that I do need to recharge it during the day.The parent unit can easily clip onto your pants, or you can put it in your back or shirt pocket.  Kind of a nice feature when you're running around the house and you don't have time to put it down!The lights are nice too, although I like to have the volume on anyways so that I can monitor him better.  Nonetheless, it's a nice feature.Nice features, works well, and goes for a reasonable price.  I think this monitor is a pretty good bet!
I was worried this wouldn't work for us. We have a Pottery Barn Kids changing table that has a decorative moulding that sticks out about 3/4 inch beyond the frame of the changer top. This product hangs at a slight angle because of this, but it still hooks on solidly to the changer's top edge, and gives us much needed storage space for wipes up top. It is an inexpensive fix to a very annoying problem. Another bonus is that the plastic piece that the wipes container rests on is hinged to allow easy access below for loading diapers or whatever you choose to store in there.
I use cloth diapers and was anxious to at least get the BM's into the toilet instead of having to wash them. I bought this for my son when he was 8mths old and we have been using it for BM's. I am fortunate to be able to stay home with my son so I am in close contact with him and can tell when he is trying to go #2. As soon as I see his BM face (starts pushing, and eyelids get red) I quickly take off his diaper and sit him on this potty. It works great. With him being so small you do need to sit directly in front him and entertain with a song or a toy as he does his business but it is worth it. I don't always catch the BM's but have to clean a lot fewer ones by using the toilet.This seat is comfortable and I like the back part because he can sit back without falling over. If he is not positioned quite right he might pee outside but for the most part if you are watching closely it contains everything just fine. :)
I use this daily whether it's keep my kid in one room or the dogs out of another. Very useful!
I've been using the infant bathtub for about 3 months since our daughter was born, and was hating it more and more - I didn't like that the baby kept sliding down, and water was barely covering her legs. I started looking for a deeper bath tub, but found this seat instead. I think it's better, although, not superb. Baby doesn't slide down, and when the seat is in the normal bath tub I can regulate water level. She seems to love it too, btw! I also loved the price tag, and decided that it was worth a try. I now have no problem washing my baby alone (before it was very hard, because it was hard to hold the baby and wash her at the same time) I'm thinking about getting the smaller tub from IKEA, like one of the reviewers wrote, and place the seat in there.
I bought this to fit my Colgate baby mattress.  It washes and dries well, and keeps its shape.  Easy to get on the mattress, nice and thick to keep our baby comfortable.
Like many other reviewers, I had problems with the FrogPod tumbling off the shower wall -- and it's a smooth surface, no grout issues to blame. But after really muscling it onto there, the stick-or-not-to-stick issue disappeared...And it's PRECIOUS! And USEFUL! (And how many failed baby products can you say both about?)Handiness: Pluck off the basket, dump toys in bath, then scoop them up, rinse the works under the faucet and rehang for mildew-less drying. (Frankly, a tumble or two after I first hung it was far less hassling than the suction-cupped toy nets that never seem to consistently suck, just consistently SUCK.)Styling: Adorable! Insanely precious! The FrogPod is for kids, sure, but the design is clean, modern, and simply fun; just try stepping into the shower without smiling at the thing! Having children means having some clutter and some items that fall outside your aesthetic, but the FrogPod both reduces the clutter and does so with a playful design. Would that ALL products for kids could...
I have used this turtle for two weeks now and I love it!!!  I am a first time mom and just had no idea what temperature is good for baby.  I love scalding hot showers, so what feels right to me was probably still too hot for baby.  When it came time to bathe him. . . I was so scared of having the water too hot, that it was too cold!  (Which I now only know it was too cold thanks to the turtle themometer!!!)  He screamed the whole time during that bath and I thought he just hated bathtime.  That next day I ordered the turtle, it was shipped using prime and here in a day.  So for his next bath the temperature was just right and he loved bathtime!!!  No screaming or crying!  I think I will definitely give this to other first time moms as a shower gift.  As far as it's longevity. . . mine seems to be working great, granted it's only been a couple of weeks. . . but if it broke tomorrow I would order another one happily.  For me it's just worth it to know that the temperature is just right.  I am sure I will get the hang of it eventually (as far as figuring out the right temp) but until then, I am happy to use this!
These sheets are so soft, made of jersey fabric.  They are a little big for my cosco play yard, but they're overall good, especially for the price!
I first got BabyBjorn when my son was just a month.  But I returned it soon after I bought it.  The baby was so soft and I had a hard time to put him into the BabyBjorn by myself.  Plus, Houston is very hot, wearing BabyBjorn in the summer wasn't comfortable for me.When my son was 3 month old, his neck was a lot stronger.  I wanted to try it, again.  He really loved it.  He enjoyed so much when I walked with him.  He could look around and see the surroundings.  I would say he liked this more than his stroller.Although this product does have good back support, at 6 month now, my son is more than 20 lb.  My back cannot really support this weight for very long...
These are good bags.  It's convenient that they fit on the Medela pumps.  The only downfall I've had is that they are a little small.  3 oz is about the max you can fit if you want to freeze your milk.
I bought two of these smocks for my boys.  The sleeves are a little bit tight at the wrist, but it keeps the sleeve in place while they are doing messy crafts.  So far it seems like the smock protects the clothes just fine.  But I take my boys' shirts off before putting the smock on due to the chance of paints bleeding through.  So I can't say if it's 100% impervious to stuff.  But so far, all of the paints they have done haven't gone through to the skin.  I've only used the smock a half dozen times, so time will tell.  The smock is easy to clean up after art projects.  I just run it under warm water and hang it up to dry.  I like the fact that it ties in the back instead of using velcro.  It keeps little hands from taking it off, and strings won't wear out like velcro tends to do.  Overall, I would highly recommend this smock.
Great crib for the price, just be aware that is scratches easy. Be careful putting it together and moving it.
I received the tub in the specific time frame. Haven't been able to use it since baby isn't here yet but will revise my review if problems arise. Like the fact that it converts to toddler ages. But wish that it came in other gender neutral colors.
This activity gym has a lot of activity for an infant.  The individual toys are easy to take on and off.  The music and lights not to loud or bright.
My daughter loves using it. We started out with it at home so she would be comfortable with it and now we use it when we travel out. From restrooms out and about to friend's houses for playdates. I find it really easy to fold up and it fits into the diaper,now pullup bag in it's own bag. Definitely would recommend it since most public restrooms have the longer wider toliet to contend with and my daughter's tush would fall right into the toliet. It has helped us to successfully continue to potty train while on the go.
This warmer worked great and it was so convenient for the middle of the night feedings to not have to go up and down the stairs.  I used it for almost 3 months and then I went to the microwave.  I know everything warns you not to use the microwave but it works just fine and is much quicker.  Now that my 3 month old is sleeping through the night, I don't have to worry about the convenience factor.  Otherwise, I would definitely recommend this warmer.
I originally registered for (and received) the avent bottles.  They were horrible because they leaked (you can't over tighten or under tighten and all sorts of other finicky things) and they also left my baby with lots of gas where he would cry violently.  Horrible to watch. I tried several other bottles and still wasn't happy with them.  My girlfriend kept on telling me to try these but I was skeptical becuase people said that they leaked.  well anyhow I was at my whits end and hurting for my son so I decided to try them. I do have to say that the stage one nipple is hard to get anything out of. But I did use the stage two nipple and it's been great.  He will occasionally have to burp but it's quick and painless.  Most times he doesn't have to burp afterwards.  There is no spillage from the side of his mouth and he will drink his milk straight and not have to be burped half way so that he can finish eating.  I have never had the bottles leak because I washed them all and assembled them and left them like that. I do clean them after every usage with soap and water.  Then once a week I take them apart, sterilize the bottles in the sterilizer and boil the nipples and disc. I immediately reassemble them and then test them with water to see if they are leaking.  I think that you will run into leaks if you try to assemble them as you are ready to use them and are rushing because the baby is hungry.I wish that I could give these bottles more than five stars.  I should have listened to my friend sooner.  Her baby suffered from Acid Reflux and this bottles worked great for him.
While baby bottles with drop-in liners are convenient when traveling to see relatives and friends, these Ventaire bottles work much better at home.Likes:>Innovative bottom vents (read instructions carefully) help reduce risks for gas, spit-up, and colic.  Our baby had no problems using these Ventaire bottles with the fast flow nipples on the first try.>Bottom vents also help milk flow without vacuum build-up.>Angled design reduces chances for ear infections because the baby is sitting more upright rather than on their backs.>Easy to use, clean, and sterilize (boil nipples and vents in water for 5 minutes once a week) with the removable tops and bottoms at home.  The bottle itself just requires hot soapy water for disinfection.>Compatible with Playtex Nursing Necessities breast pumps to help store breast milk.>Convenient, BPA free 6oz. and 9oz. sizes.Dislikes:>Babies' milk flow rate preferences vary widely so different flow speed (fast or slow) nipples may be required.>Instructions warned, "Do not microwave" to prevent uneven heating of milk which may cause injuries.  It doesn't seem like the bottle itself is compatible withPhilips AVENT Microwave Steam Sterilizer(nipples and vents are boilable).  Will need to consult with Playtex customer support for clarification.Bottom Line:Good, effective, innovative bottles to minimize complications (gas, spit-up, colic, and ear infections) from nursing with bottles.  Easy to clean and disinfect bottle (hot soapy water); sterilize nipples and vents (boilable) at home.
We read the reviews and happend to find this along with the two exstentions at our local open box/overstock store unopend we paid about $25.00 for both! I bought a tadpole play mat for the bottom agian at a overstock store and he loves to roll around and play in it. these are sturdy and well worth the full price. only downside is it does not have a door. but the play yards with doors are not as sturdy so it's give and take. The best part is i know he can't get into anything so i can clean, and do the things i need to while he plays and explores saftly!
I love these bottles. They don't leak like some other ones I've tried and they don't let any air in while baby is feeding. The only thing is you have to loosen the nipple at the end to see how much the baby has drank. Also there is not enough room on the liners to mix the formula inside the bottle. Other than that my son and I are very happy.
We've had latching issues and this was our saving grace for breast feeding. However, it's annoying that it doesn't always stay on so well (she can easily knock it off) at first. The flaps keep pulling up. I wish there were a way for it to stick to the skin better.
This is definitely a nice-to-have baby item, not a must-have. Though all families are different, we have gotten good use out of our Diaper Genie II. We only use it for dirty diapers, as we throw plain wet ones out with the regular trash. It contains the smell (except for a momentary whiff when you open the lid) and isn't an eyesore. Since we only use it for the dirty diapers, it doesn't fill up as quickly as it would if we used it for all diapers. The benefit to this practice is also that the liners last a LONG TIME.The lid took me awhile to get used to doing 1-handed. At first I had to use both hands, but I've finally figured out where the sweet spot is to push when I open it. Also, you really need to be sure to empty it before it overfills- or you will be squeezing everything to get the next diaper in, and may end up with a mess... if you know what I mean.All in all, I do recommend this product to new moms. I'm not sure if the new version, the Diaper Genie Elite II (with the foot pedal to open the lid) is any good, but I can vouch for this product!
I had used them for a year and a half and just bought more for next baby, they work great!
bought this for our 2 year old as he has been sleeping in a sleepsack since he was a teeny little guy. he is tall for his age & will be able to wear this for a LONG time, it is big & roomy.we love all the sleepsack products & I was happy to find one in this size!
My daughter loves Freddie!The back of his wings are black and white patterns, and that is really neat.  It makes me wish we had bought this for her sooner.Now my daughter is 4.5 months old.  She likes chewing on the wings (because they crinkle), and she likes chewing one the two bottom rings.  She hasn't quite discovered the red teething thing yet, but I suspect she will really like it when she figures that out.Freddie is extra fun because he has so many bright colors, and the fabrics and cords are all different textures.  This toy has a ton of different textures!  The mirror is too small for my daughter to be interested in it, so that was kind of disappointing because she does love mirrors.But, she always finds this toy entertaining.  It is our favorite toy to take along to distract her when she is in Baby Prison (aka. her car seat).  Lately being strapped into her car seat has made her MAD, but Freddie helps her to forget about that really quickly.  So, I can't complain too much about little things like the mirror being too small, because actually this toy makes my daughter and I both a lot happier.Highly recommended.  This toy is such a winner.
This is pretty much a must-have for infant seats, I don't know why they don't just sell them together. Bases are great because you secure the base once with the seatbelt, then just pop the car seat/carrier in and out with a simple little latch. It also makes switching between other cars that have the same base a breeze. Definitely get this!
This bottle does have a lot of parts to clean but if you weigh the options of spending about an extra 10 minutes per day cleaning bottle and your baby having less gas, it is worth it. This bottle has 5 parts to clean and others usually have about 3. So if you clean 8 bottles per day and the Dr. Brown's bottles have 2 extra parts, that is like cleaning 16 extra parts per day. Really, it takes maybe 10 seconds per extra part. So, what is an extra 2-3 minutes. Nothing!! Everyone says, yes they are great bottles but there are so many parts to clean. Really, think about it. It doesn't take that much longer to clean! I will stand by these bottles all the way...less gas, less smacking when he eats and a happier baby in the end. And, I have tried every bottle including, Avent, Playtex vent air, MAM and others. Also, get the 8 oz bottles right away. If you spend the money on the smaller bottles because you baby only eats 4 oz now, he/she will be eating more in a few weeks/months and then you will have to buy more bottles. 3oz fits into an 8 oz bottle so why not just get the larger bottles right away.
Was really debating between this cover and a more expensive brand. I decided to go with this one and am SO glad I did. It's cute, goes on quickly, and covers everything! Yes, the strap isn't attached to the cover, but I actually like that it isn't. I wrap the strap around the cover when storing so that I don't risk losing it. I'd buy another one in a heartbeat!
This thing is really cool.  It rocks your baby, either side to side or front to back.  It plays 16 different tunes for baby.  It has a light show that projects various moving shapes that is mesmerizing for baby.  It has a mobile, a veil, a comfy seat that can be reclined to horizontal (with a 3 point harness).  You could basically use it as a bassinet in a pinch.  And it has an attachable tray.  I looked at all of 'em on Amazon, and in my opinion this is by far the best value if you can get it on sale.
This has been a godsend for us. We've been worried about our toddler opening up the front door. Once we installed this, it's been no worries. It was super easy to install and easy to figure out how to work.
With my first son, i bought the boon potty bench, I did consider this one, but at the time, I wanted the step stool option.  The potty bench worked, but with my twins I needed another potty and got this one.  LOVE IT!  I wish I would've had it for my first son and just got a separate step stool.  I have boy/girl twins that are 2 1/2 years old.  They both can use it very easily, they don't have to take their bottoms off all the way.  That was something I couldn't tell with the pictures 'cause of the way it's shaped.  It's so easy to clean.  They like to dump it themselves in the big toilet and it's easy for them to do that .  There are no spills with the pee guard.  Funny thing was when I first got it, my four year old son wanted to try it out.  He's about 50 lbs and 47&#34; tall and even he fit on it!  It's so light and portable.  I would recommend this to anyone.
I love this pillow! I had tried everything else to get comfortable during pregnancy and finally broke down and bought this. Although it is large, it doesn't take up more space than my old system of several pillows all around me. It is easy to get up and go to the bathroom and come back to bed and plop right down, whereas before I had to readjust all of my pillows. I am about 5'8" and it seems long enough for me. If you are considering ordering this just do it because it will make you a much happier pregnant person!
We use these downstairs as an alternative to buying another Diaper Genie.  We store them in our diaper bin downstairs and throw them in our kitchen trash can after use.  For the most part, they hide the diaper smell.  We sometimes have to use two bags in order to eliminate the smell if we can't throw it in the trash can outside right away.  It's still much cheaper than the Diaper Genie and just as effective.  The baby powder smell of the bags is pleasant and not overpowering.  I will continue to buy these.
This thing is huge..didn't use it yet. Well, i guess it will fit lots of toys :)))
Freed up space on my changing table as baby has grown and now takes the whole length!  Good quality product! Just make sure your changing table has a rail for it to hang on (see the pic).
For the most part I am very pleased with this product. It cut down on the gas problems my daughter had and really I had no trouble cleaning them. There was one bottle that for whatever reason leaked when I shook the bottle to mix it. Seeing that it was only one bottle out of the 6 that we have, I am not too bothered by it. Ultimately it's a fine product and I would recommend it.
I did a LOT of research on baby carriers prior to our baby being born. These are expensive, so it matters. And I think carrying your baby is easy, convenient, and keeps everyone a little less fussy. Each one has a niche, so I wanted to make the right choice. Being a spring baby, we opted for the bjorn air when she was little and have an ergo for when she gets a bit heavier. But I was still missing something. My baby COULD sleep in those, albeit very uncomfortably. I wanted something she could nurse in and sleep in that would give me at least one hand free. I work from home sometimes so feeding the baby while working kills two birds.My only hesitation in buying this was it was so cheap. Every other ring sling I'd considered was 2-3X this sling. But I'd already invested in two other carriers and the reviews were positive so what the heck.This is exactly what I wanted and more. It's great for around the house for nursing or sleeping. It does have a learning curve,  and I'm still learning - but I have some basic holds that work for us. This is also great for sitting up and facing out. It's so versatile, on a recent trip I took this one carrier and used it for everything.*best use for me: nursing on a plane. We've taken quite a few trips and I was originally holding her and using a nursing cover. Well my arms would only last about 30 minutes. With this I get complete privacy and when she falls asleep she's in the sling - hands free! When the plane lands if she's still sleeping I can get up and go. If she wakes up I just sit her up and face out. I love this thing!!  It's also so much more tailored looking without the tail. I'm tall and slender, so I have a small tall to work with if I really need it.It's pretty comfortable. The padded shoulder definitely helps. I find this no more or less comfortable than other carriers.Cons - ring slings in general seem a bit more feminine and so my husband won't wear this one (but doesn't mind the ergo and bjorn).The fabric I ordered was a little rough when it arrived but it's getting softer with each wash.
My five month old loves to chew on sophie. It will keep his attention for 10 minutes or so... not a &#34;WONDER&#34; chew toy... but if he is happy when he gets Sophie, he will stay happy. if he is crying when he gets sophie, he usually stays crying.
Love this!  Had a set for my 1st child and bought a 2nd set for my baby.  I love that the bunny face holds the babies head in place.  We used this as soon as she was born without the need to buy an infant neck support.
I love this product and honestly couldn't live without it. It fit my newborn son perfectly and we still use it for a pre-nursing seat now and my son is a big 5 month old! I would recommend either purchasing a cover for it - I didn't know they had covers until about a week ago - or covering it with a blanket as the lounger is "spot wash only."
I don't use the round thing (I guess it's for sippy cups), but I use the other two for Dr Brown bottles and Medela pumping supplies.  No complaints so far, it just does what it should!
I got exactly what I was hoping for - a simple inexpensive baby monitor without all the bells and whistles. The transmitter is downstairs in the baby's room and the parent receiver is upstairs in the kitchen. No, the sound quality is not perfect but it is great for the price. I can't hear every breath she takes but I can hear when she's in her bed playing and I can hear when she's crying. I don't get any static.My only real complaint with this is that it takes a 9V batter (or can be plugged in) but the battery is not rechargeable. I usually have it plugged in so I can't comment on how long the battery lasts.
No batteries or outlet needed here! The Medela Harmony manual breastpump is great, I love it. It is so easy to use, has a dual phase, less parts to clean, lightweight so you can throw it in the diaper bag and pump whenever needed, and has wonderful suction power. Great price at $30 (got mine on sale). Medela is a reputable comany which also puts my mind at ease if something were to break and I know it is the best quality. This model is for occasional pumping only. For frequent pumping, you need to get a Medela Pump In Style (the Advanced model has the dual phase, the original does not).
I wish there was a setting that fades the sounds instead of shutting off abruptly. Other than that, it's a great product that immediately calms my son and signals sleep for him since we use it for naps and at night. Cute design too. We have the travel size which is perfect for taking in the car or anywhere.
This fit just perfectly in our stairway space.  Did order the larger one and realized it was a tad too big. Quick shipping as well.
I borrowed this from a family member for our now 6 wk old and she loves it...especially the changing lights at the top.  It's great that there are so many different things to look at.  Shortly after we began placing her on the mat she began babbling for the first time... Perhaps thats all in the timing of her development, however, she doesnt babble anywhere else but on the mat.  The music isn't that annoying especially since it's broken up with soothing nature sounds.  The mat can easily be taken off & washed.  Would be nice if it included a thick pad for underneath the mat for extra comfort & support.  Only other thing I can think of as a negative is the butterflies do not rotate on their own, for them to move you must do it yourself; otherwise great product!  Would definitely consider purchasing our own.
We used this for both of our boys and am glad to say they are now successfully trained.  This is a low price, high quality option.
I love this tub! It really does fit baby from newborn on up.  I have an exceptionally large boy (we just grow 'em tall in my family!), so I don't think he'll fit in it as long as most kids, but for newborns through 9mo it should work great.  He is 4 months now, and about the size of an average 7-8 month old, and he is using the &#34;toddler&#34; side sitting up (he already can sit up on his own for the most part).  He won't fit in it for way longer, but since he's sitting so well that's fine.This is very well constructed, and the bump in the middle really helps keep him from sliding around like I've had trouble with in some tubs.I would definitely suggest this to all new parents!
There are two versions of this inchworm out there.  The UK version has the green legs and plays If You're Happy & You Know It.  The other version (USA version?) is by TOMY and is the version sold here.  It has the brown legs & I don't recognize the tune it plays.  Still a cute toy, but not exactly a match to the description here.
I got two sets of these doublers, one set works GREAT they are super absorbent and did exactly what I needed them to do. The second set after washing lost their shape. They were difficult to lay flat; they still worked but just not as well as the others. For the price they can't be beat - I must have just gotten a bad batch.
How I wish my pump had come with some of these! When you first start pumping you are not going to produce very much in each pumping session. Pumping into the large 5oz bottles that came with my pump was soooo discouraging! I got only a smidgen, barely enough to cover the bottom of the bottle, and I certainly couldn't accurately measure it when it didn't get anywhere near the first markings! It absolutely caused me additional stress, which just makes pumping harder! As soon as I got these I started to feel like I could do this, that same smidgen was actually measurable, worth saving, worth the discomfort of pumping! Then from a smidgen you eventually get half a bottle! Wahoo! In the standard bottle that's not even a quarter full, but in these it's half, yes! Then comes the day when you fill it to the top, you're wondering if you can stop mid pump and put on a new bottle. What an awesome feeling!Even if you never use these to store or feed, they are absolutely worth it as a confidence builder for beginning pumping.
I am in love with this teether/toy combo. Baby can chew on it AND play with it. The colored pegs are actually somewhat stretchy and have some give to them.
I really like these especially since they are cotton and much better quality than the carters sleeping bags.The drawbacks: Zippers tent to rip after a little while and not warm enough in winter.
I don't know how parents function without these.  Blankets are impossible with little ones who thrash around and crawl around the crib at night.
Works good a little tough to remove the food but i just run it under hot water and they pop right out
I thought the idea of keeping dirty diapers in the house was just gross, so I decided to make 20 trips a day to the trash.  Boy, was I misguided in my thinking,because this diaper champ is a Godsend!  You really do not smell a thing! I heard the diaper genie was a huge mess, so I did not even attempt to buy it.  Get this and limit those trips out to the trash!
