It seemed to work well for the first few weeks. Then I started having pain in the neck and shoulder. If you could ask someone to take a look at your neck and spine, you would notice that they aren't in a straight line when you are using the pillow. The material doesn't contour to your neck and head. The pain went away after I switched back to my old pillow and using a pillow between my knees and ankles. The cover that comes with the pillow is made in a poor material.I bought this because I was a back sleeper and was desperate in finding a solution to help me sleep on my side. THE BOTTOM LINE: I won't suggest it to any one or buy it again.
I wish I had read the reviews before purchasing this product.  I bought these crib rail protectors and my twin boys figured out how to remove them within a few days and they are under 9 months old.  So not only did I waste my money purchasing these, but both of my cribs also have a bunch of teeth marks... exactly what I was trying to avoid.  What a waste!
Maybe good for moms who struggle with breastfeeding but I thought it was really poorly shaped and uncomfortable, there is no way you would ever wear this under clothing outside your own house!
These bags are a waste of money. Yes they can stand on own when filled with milk but takes up to much room in the freezer. Due to the shape of the bag and remaining space when filled to the 5oz line they are unable to lay flat. I would recommend the Lansinoh storage bags they can hold up to 6ozs of milk, lay flat in the freezer and are cheaper than the medela brand.The time you spend trying to be careful when removing the adapter that you pump directly in can be spent just simply transfering the milk from bottle to bag. Save your money and don't buy this item unless you have money to waste.
This gym was given to us at a shower, and I was excited because I had read some good reviews...plus it was like $70.00 and no way would I have ever paid that! We started using it when my son was around 2 months old, and he had no interest in it. He'd look at the water box and lights for a few seconds, but it was hard to get it to play music(you had to literally slap it, and I think it should have easily came on when the gym jiggled) and the music was really low. We tried new batteries, which didn't help. The 3 toys it comes with are really uninteresting...one is a plastic fish that like Morgan's Mommy's review stated "Resembled a dog toy." The stuffed turtle did nothing, and the little plastic book wasn't very interesting since my son was 2 months old. The toys just hung there...and he was not happy at all. The flaps on the bottom of the mat might have been interesting later on, but there were 3 different languages on them and since my son can't it seemed a little pointless. I tried several times letting him play in this gym, since just because it seemed boring to me, didn't mean it was to him. But, at every attempt he laid there and looked and the gym for a couple of minutes, and then his attention would go to looking around the room, the tv, the dog, or other toys laying near.I took this gym back to Babies R Us, and it was on clearance for $40(not really surprising). I exchanged it for the Fisher Price Rainforest Gym, and my son loves everythig about it and so do I...and I totally recommend it!
Folks, I am NOT kidding! A local TV channel 3 affiliate here in Ohio ran a story the other day about a couple that had one of these that greatly malfunctioned.  The new mom interviewed said that the product started emitting a burning smell, and when she looked down at it, she couldn't believe her eyes... the plastic around where the power cord plugs in was completely melted!  Then to add insult to injury, they claimed that Evenflo would take a while to send them back their refund.  Perhaps this was a 'fluke', but I felt obligated to tell all of you about this.  My wife is expecting our first child in August, and we will be looking at breast pumps as well.  But not Evenflo.
I decided to go with a cheaper piece of furniture as this had some decent ratings at the time. We only used it for about 6 months and the back legs have broken off (cheap particle board). When putting it together, you can tell that it is not a sturdy piece of furniture. Very disapointed. I know it is cheap in comparison to a lot of furniture but we had hoped to get a little more use out of it.
I was just about to buy this for my 3 month old when I noted a warning label-it stated that this toy is not intended for children under 3 years of age. Generally I LOVE the manhatten toy company...but, I don't know why they would create a book that is obviously for a baby but allow for a possible choking hazard.So, be forwarned about it. I do appreciate that the warning label is listed for this product; however, it would be very easy for someone to not see the warning since you have to scroll down to see it....Next time I suggest it being near the price of the product!
I had bought this for my son when he was a few months old.  We lived in an apartment complex on the second floor, so it was crazy to drag him and teh stroller down stairs.  I had bought this to make our daily walk to the mailboxes easy.  It worked great at first.  When he turned 4 months old I had problems.  I was packing the car to go on a trip with him in it.  IT was TOO tight around his stomach that he spit up in teh back of our SUV.  With him in it I couldn't even put two fingers between him and the carrier.  Never used it since
The covers didn't stay on very well.
The wipe warmer case failed to close after 5 months of normal use. We have to use a paper weight to keep it down. I truly wish that this product is more durable.And on a related topic - the warmer pad:I would like to let you know that it's the second time I noticed mold growth on the pillow. I've owned the warmer for the past 9 months. It's being used as instructed. The current one is not due for replacement till January 4th while I found the mold on December 14th. The pad also turns yellow, slimy and slippery and have a smell after a month. It's very disappointing to have a mold problem with the warmer as it's a product for little babies. Babies could possibly get very sick from this.
Go buy some baby aspirin and bandaids and save yourself the money from this worthless first aid kit. What a waste of money!
I bought this for my eight month old who was just starting to resist bedtime in hopes it would help.  The first time we used it she was mesmerized and it worked like a charm.  Second time it semi captured her attention with a little help from mommy.  By the third time the moving frog had begun to squeak so that wasn't exactly "soothing" and my baby was bored with it.  Gave it one more try just in case and the squeaking was still there.  Needless to say I returned it.  Also, the light was pretty bright.  When I would first turn it on, my baby would squint from the light.  And the timer is not 18 minutes!  It's more like 5-6 minutes like other reviews said.  Not worth the forty dollars in my opinion.
Maybe not all Graco products are the same size but on ours it's snug and buckles. Not that you can't fit it on but I'm not sure how comfortable it is to lay on when the bottom doesn't lay nicely flat.  Wish they'd modify the length.
These bottles are very finicky and if you do not put them together just right they will leak... not drip... POUR out all over the floor, and if it is breast milk that is gushing out of the bottle you may just be crying too!I ended up with a full set of these bottles (without the ring) and one that required the ring (which I felt leaked less), I could never justify going out and buy all new bottles, so I dealt with these for 11 months. I have now weaned my son off of these and onto a sippy cup because I just could not deal any longer!What's the trick? Well, the nipple has these three little lines on it and inside the screw on part there are solid parts and slotted parts (sorry if this doesn't make sense). You have to line up the lines on the nipple with the solid parts on the bottle top. This requires two hands, so you will also need to find a place to put down your screaming baby while you concentrate and get it all lined up perfectly. Once you have them lined up, now screw on the top. You have to make sure it is nice and tight. Now, shake it and see.... it leaks! It is because when you screw the top onto the bottle the nipple shifts and turns as you screw it on tight, so all that time you spent lining up the holes with the slots is garbage. Take it off and try again. Finally you will get it right and only then can you give the bottle to your starving child.I cannot wait to throw them all in the trash.
I purchased this because it was suggested to go with the play yard but it does not fit.  You can only purchase the 2ft extensions  to go with the play yard.
This was a total waste of money. It attached strongly, but no matter how I applied it to the drawer, it never &#34;caught&#34; it to keep my little one out of the drawer. I would NOT buy this again. Later, I found the Safety 1st Custom Fit All Purpose Strap, and that has worked like a charm.
When you first put this on the table you feel like it has made things safer for your child, however the first time they get near it they are able to pull it off because the adhesive provided with it doesn't hold well unless you have a completely flat surface to attach it to.  (I suppose if you use a stronger adhesive you would run the risk of damaging the table).Only buy if you have a large top face and edge to the table with no decorative surface changes (must be completely flat to hold at all)
Still doesn't fit!!!!!!:( I need an xxL. I guess ill be ordering a new one. This doesn't seem bigger than the 27 to be honest. They're the same size when I put them side by side
My mattress is water proof plus I do not use it to change diapers.  I threw mine out.
I also loved the idea for this product.  My daughter was born in July and I liked the idea of her napping in it on our porch with the netting all zipped up.  However, the seat never supported her enough.  She wasn't a very big or a very small baby, but she kept falling over to one side in the seat.  And the toys - and what they are attached to -  were always out of her reach, but in her line of sight.  When she could support herself better, she was too tall for it.  The cool tent feature makes the babies outgrow it so much more quickly than a regular open bouncy seat.  I ended up leaving it at my mom's for a "back up".  And for the price compared to other bouncy seats (like the $20 one I bought and my daughter loved), it was a big time waste of money.
Purchased this because it was always on the top toys list but after noticed the negative reviews about many children choking on the leg got scared and rarely let my daughter play with it. She wasn't even attracted to it when I did have it out (when I was watching her like a hawk). This was not a great purchase for us and I was shocked that Amazon would have any toy with so many people saying it was hazardous listed as a top toy. Now I read the negative reviews first on toys before purchasing them even if there are a million people loving it. Not worth the risk.
Pissed is an understatement.  I purchased these bottles to decrease the amount of air that my daughter was sucking in and these bottles came highly recommended.  The first set I purchased began to leak from the bottom and from around the cap so I thought it was a bad batch and exchanged them for another set.  Last night while I was feeding my daughter I am thinking that she is drinking the milk but it was leaking from the side of the cap and down into her neck and onesie on this new set!  I switched bottles and gave her another one.  This morning I shake the bottle over the sink to make sure that the rice and breastmilk are mixed in good before feeding her and the cap which I just checked just popped off and breastmilk went flying all over the sink.  6 ounces of milk just gone!  These bottles leak from the bottom and after many uses the ring around the cap warps so it doesn't screw on and stay flush with the bottle itself.  I am done at this point and these bottles are going back to BRU and I am going to do what I should have done in the beginning and just go with Dr. Brown's bottles.  I would never recommend these crappy bottles to anyone!
unless your child drinks their cups laying down, which is highly not recommended, this cup is useless and frustrating. i tried for 6 months to make them work and they just don't.
I purchased this product to use for both of my children (ages 2 and 10 mos at the time). The thermometer itself is very cute, appears sturdy and well-built, and quickly gives out a temperature reading and even beeps if the water is too hot or too cold. However I am rating it so low because the thermometer stopped working after about 3 weeks of "normal" use. It did begin working again after resting for about a week (my husband used it, not knowing that it had previously stopped working), but then about 3 days after that it stopped working again. Luckily I had carefully read the reviews before purchasing and made sure I could return the item to Amazon since I purchased directly from them as a "prime" member. Thank goodness I took those precautions or I'd be out over $10 for a defective thermometer!!!  I'd recommend not wasting your time with this one and get one that's more reliable.
The picture for this product is deceiving. I thought the fabric was smooth. I is actually a cheap feeling scratchy and abrasive type material. I wouldnt want it on my bare skin. I tried my son in it once and he screamed hysterically and I haven't used it since. Its too bad because its a great size and constructed well. I was very disappointed that I couldn't use it.
Ended up returning this product without using it because it ended up being 'deeper' than I thought it would be. Thought it would hold diapers a different way but the way it's designed didn't allow me to put it where I intended. I'm sure it's a great product ... but I would recommend looking at the dimensions before ordering.
I am not rating this very highly because my daughter's head still flopped around quite a lot when I used it because babies' car seats have them sitting almost upright even as newborns.  This didn't help her head from going side to side or even forward.  Also, my car seat came with one.
The Sassy is better on both counts.  It holds more food and the mesh is removable for easier cleaning and replacement.
This step-up is a danger.  It does not secure to the toilet, so if the child pulls on the handrail before placing *significant* body weight on the step, he may fall or it could be pulled off-center and slip off the toilet. The legs are too short for our toilet, and our toilet is not one of those fancy extra high toilets. There is no really reliable way to prop the legs that wouldn't possibly be slippery or unstable.  The handrails are too short & small to be truly useful.  Lastly, I tried to secure this step-up to our toilet and the cushie toilet seat would then be too far back from the front of the toilet.  We thought about keeping this one "just for travel" because it seems convenient when folded, but we would have to help our children use it every time, so what is the point in dragging it along and creating a situation where they could hurt themselves?  It's going back.
I know these are cheap, but they didn't help with the horrible diaper odor.  I would not recommend spending your money on these items.  When I opened up our diaper pal there was still a bad smell.
Just bought this for baby number 2's room and thank goodness my husband is good at figuring things out. The instructions were completely missing. We checked the box twice to see if we missed them. I then went online to hopefully find them on Graco's website or from some other poor soul who'd ran into the same issue and uploaded and shared. I found nothing but an e-mail contact, which you could write to and receive instructions. Seeing as it's a holiday weekend, I guess we will take our best shot at it and hope it all works in the end.
The product pretty much only has 2 textures, rubber & plastic. The product overall is a good size but each section is small, too small for the baby to get a proper &#34;bite&#34; on the section he may be interested in. To top it all off, the &#34;twisty&#34; of it actually made the product less enjoyable as the baby could not get a consistent grip/bite as it would twist as he grabbed/bit.Do the baby a favor & just get him the cheap little teethers that are filled with water.
Wasn't thrilled with this product.  It's made fine - just a poor concept.  Looks silly if you don't have the right type of corner to hang it in.
It leaks every time I use it. It's impossible to snap back together if by some miracle you can change the size.  I have to put towels underneath the tub to collect all the water that leaks out of it.  I love the sling, but I am tempted to beat the tub with a hammer just to take out my frustrations with it.  If I could get down on the floor and bathe my son in the big tub with this tub inside, it would probably be easier (but I don't think my knees would appreciate it.  I received this as a gift and didn't check the reviews before using, I should have.  I am currently looking for another solution to this piece of junk.  Buy at your own risk.
We used it once!  The head of the animal makes it very difficult to position the baby head. Also, the material made him to sweat.
Comfy but doesn't stay in place.  It stains and smells sour after seven months and washing it doesn't solve the problem.  I let it air dry after every use but the odor is permanent.  It isn't worth the price and now I have to find something else.
My baby kept on gagging on these. The teat is very big! Not impressed with these pacifiers at all. Don't buy!
I know you can't expect much from these products but this was horrible. I followed the directions, washed it with soap and let it soak for 20 minutes before using it. After the first use it became flimsy and sticky and wouldn't stick to my nipple as I expected it to. Went in the trash right away. Was
This product is not recommended unless you don't mind it breaking every 12 months.I've owned two now that start off working pretty well.  After about 8 months, things start to no longer function:- Adjusting the volume button results in speak not working.  You must jiggle it to make it work- Static/noise appearing in the signal when nothing else has changed (e.g. receiver and monitor are in the same location with the same channel)- Random spikes in the volume of the receiverOverall, its not a good product and fisher price should be ashamed to have their name attached to it.  If this cost $[...] i may consider buying it.
We got this before we remodeled our bathroom and it wouldn't stick to the tile.  We figured it was just because the tile was old.  So we put it away until after the remodel.  Well nearly 100% of tub units we saw had U shaped corners as opposed to the V shape you need for this to work.  SO we got a new bathroom and the thing still doesn't work.  But based on the other reviews I see we aren't the only ones with this problem.We ended up with a $5 buck toy net that sticks to the wall perfectly!
The tiny lip on the nipple does not count as breakthrough technology in preventing the baby from swallowing air. I recommend Dr. Brown's bottles. They cost more, but they're worth it.
This sounded good in theory, but didn't work at all.  They were correctly installed by my husband, but the magnet is just not strong enough to get it to open.  It was a waste of money for our cabinets.  It may work if you have the thinner particle board cabinets, but it definitely didn't work through our solid wood cabinets.
From crazzeto's wife:I was VERY disapointed with this product. It was handwash-only which was massively inconvenient, and the powder from each compartment would leak into the other ones so you ended up with a nasty, powdery mess.
Overall the bags work fine.  But the scent is too strong and the ingredients for the fragrance are unlisted on the package (the fragrance could have potentially harmful phthalates, d-limonene, etc.). Before I opened the box, I could smell the fragrance from the bags.Almost everything I buy for the baby and the household is fragrance-free. So if you typically buy fragranced soaps, air fresheners, etc. for your home, then these bags shouldn't bother you much.  The other popular green-friendly, decomposable bags on Amazon have about half the scent but that's still too strong for me.I wound up using regular ziplock bags (which don't hold in odor well) and a small trash can with a charcoal filter in the lid to keep in odors.  Every Tuesday and Friday I empty the small trash to go out with the garbage.  There's no poopy diaper smell in the room and no fragrance, so I'm happy.
If you have kids under 4, they will get in this hammock and use it/break it.Get a real hammock and use it for toy storage.It is too stretchy and is a bit awkward to install (hard to determine how far apart to put the hooks). I recommend putting toys in it while you are determining where to put the hooks.
I received two of these as a gift.  As a first time parent, I thought they looked great for "swaddling for dummies"!  We used one for about two weeks only to discover that our baby (who only weighed 7lb 8oz at birth) was too large for it!  The velcro attaches acress of the chest/arm area even though there is tons of space for growth at the feet.  In order to get it to close, we had to scoot her down and then fold over the extra fabric at the neck.  It kept flipping up and covering her face while she slept.  So, we switched to using the sleep sack we received instead and it worked MUCH better.  Don't waste your money; just swaddle the old fashioned way w/ receiving blankets.
This was just too small and didn't seem stable enough. Plus the peepoo hole is too small! We returned it.
It pilled up with the wash and dry{tumble low}! AND it shrunk just the tinest bit so to annoy you because it fits but not quite and you broke your nail trying to get it to touch the bottom of the mattress! Grrrrrr.....
I'm not sure what the fuss is surrounding this product and why so many deem it a "must-have"  I find that a regular firm pillow works just as well if not better.  The width of the boppy is too narrow to support a bigger baby.  The U-shape isn't especially comfortable to me.  The other problem I've had is washing.  They come with slip covers now, but if you ever need to wash the pillow itself, it screws up the distribution of the stuffing.I much prefer the My Breast Friend pillow: it has a back support and is adjustable.  Very comfortable and gives the baby a wider and flater surface to lay on.  Mine is the inflatable version, which is great - when you take off the cover to wash, you can easily clean the pillow beneith with just a damp cloth.  My baby also like sitting in it better than the boppy.
not too happy about this product. it was still a pain to clean. the kiddo can still splash food and drink. and after placing it in storage for a month or two mold started growing on it.
I bought these because I loved the idea that they would be easy to clean and would catch falling food.  Unfortunately the stiff plastic was super uncomfortable for my son, and the bib always seemed to be bumping against the table and poking him at odd angles.  We basically never used them after the first few tries.
Don't waste your money, my son would rather suck on his fingers than to use this messaging corn teether.  The massager really has to be squeezed in order to work. :(
My friend lent me her Snoogle for my pregnancy, swearing it was the most comfortable thing she'd ever experienced.  I loved it for the first night or so, but then found myself getting repeatedly tangled up in it and unable to maintain the adjustments I needed to sleep comfortably (since the entire pillow is connected, when you move one part, the rest wants to move with it).  I eventually curled it into an "O" shape and now have it against the wall behind the bed to prop myself up while I watch TV.  I also found that it was stuffed too full to give my belly the under-support that it needed.Now I'm using a belly wedge and a regular flat, rectangular body pillow, as well as a couple of other supplementary pillows where I need them.  A million times better than this un-tameable monster.  Thanks, but no thanks on this one.
My #1 complaint about this sling is not uncomfortable it is on my shoulder. It's the opposite of comfortable. I've used it in many different holds (newborn, on the side/hip) none of them were comfortable. Also the padding around the sides is completely useless and makes it more difficult to tighten through the rings. Don't waste your money!
This does not work with the Britax Advocate. The straps are too long and it doesn't tighten enough. It would work if it was an actual suitcase but not a carryon type suitcase. You can save yourself the money and just buy a metal ring. We used that to attach the latch and tether strap. I used a ring off an old purse. Save your money and buy a metal ring.
It soaks up so much water and takes to long to dry.  Not really what I was expecting or looking for.  Still looking for that perfect baby bather.
We didn't like hearing the constant white noise it makes when on.  It's too loud.  We ended up going with Sony's baby call monitor and LOVE it.  It has voice activation.  So you only hear the monitor when baby is making noise.
This tub deflated/popped after just a couple weeks.. I don't know what happened but you would really be better off buying your baby one of those tub seats that they can actually sit in with the bars (the two that I have are aquababy and safety first).  My babies kind of liked this duck tub but they LOVE the tub seats soo much!! I sat them in their seats and they started laughing so hard and really enjoying it because they were actually in the water, it feels like a pool to them.. They can splash around and sit up on their own without falling over.  Do not recommend this duck tub.  Spend a little more on something that's more efficient, sturdy, and fun for your child.
This valve did not work on my medela breast pump (i have the dual pump).  i didn't return it because i was going to have to buy as much for the shipping as i did for the pump.  don't buy here.  just go to a brick and mortar store (like target) to purchase.  it's not amazon's fault... it's the supplier's issue.
First of all, we had to use a pipe wrench to get the thing unscrewed... it was so tight neither dh or I could get it to budge and even w/ the pipe wrench it was a challenge... Then, there was no way I could get the arrow to line up w/ the square, unless I used the pipe wrench... hmmm... not sure I want to carry a pipe wrench around with me when I need to pump...  Oh, and the suction is horrible.  I have the Avent Isis but wanted something I could pump directly into the Soothie bottles, stupid choice... the Avent is about 10,000 times better, even with more parts to clean, well worth the time and money...  With the Avent Isis I can pump 6-10 oz in 5 minutes... this one I was lucky to get an ounce in 5 minutes, don't waste your money.
I wanted to like this gate- I like the features but sadly it did not meet my hopes. first off- its way cheaper elsewhere. also the plastic is very cloudy- not see through at all which I expected it to be. I use it for the bottom of my stairs and I looked everywhere for a walk- through gate that did not have a bar that goes along the floor since I am very clumsy. I used it pressure mounted first and it pulled the paint off the wall from being too tight a fit or fell over being too loose a fit- it never seemed right. so we mounted it to the wall and that was a pain! I give 2 stars since when it is hardware mounted it does swing nicely and my kids cannot figure this gate out- they have been able to figure out the other gates opening mechanisms! I would only recommend this gate for specific circumstances.
I have only been able to get these tweezers to work for me twice (I have tried about 30 times).  They are very tight and often missing the part that I am trying to get because they are so pointy.  I would return if I could.
This is a cute toy, I will give them that. And I didnt realize until much later that it played music. But it doesnt clip to ANYTHING. We have yet to find something that this toy will clip too. It collapses on everything, it falls on her. We ended up taking the toys off of it and hanging them from other things. We could have done that with toys she already had. This was a waste of money.
pointless.  don't buy.  its just velrco.  My kid screamed when I put it on and then just tore it off with one hand.
We ordered one of these to fit ourDream On Me 3" Playard Mattress.  It didn't.  It deformed the corners of the mattress by rounding them too much, so the mattress couldn't fit snugly in the play yard, making it unsafe.We also used tried it on the play yard's folding board "mattress", but it squeezed the separate planks together, again making it unsafe (for a younger infant).Bottom line:  Skip the mattress pad for play yards.  Just use a sheet.NOTE FOR PROSPECTIVE PARENTS:  This is my one piece of advice that I wish I'd known when we were buying things in advance of our first child's delivery.  If you're like most modern parents, you're going to have a lot of tiny beds with different-sized mattresses, mattress pads, and sheets.  You're also going to be doing a lot of laundry.  These various sheets are different sizes, but it can be hard to tell which is which when they come out of the dryer.  You do not want to be fighting with the sheets when it comes time to remake a bed after a vomit or feces incident.The solution is to choose ONE color for the sheets of a particular size and stick to it.  For instance, get all green crib sheets.  Make all of your co-sleeper sheets cream.  For the pack 'n' play?  All brown.  (The brown will hide travel smudges, too.)  Buy white or yellow toddler sheet sets.  Also, get alaundry markerand write a code for the size on the mattress pads' labels.People got you fancy bedding sets (which, if they contain padded elements, can be dangerous for infants)?  You bought into the hype and got all kinds of crazy sheets for the crib?  Return them if you can.  Or consign them.  Or give them away.  Seriously, having a unified color for each size sheet will simplify your life for YEARS to come, especially if you have more than one kid.
These Avent sippy cups were fantastic...until our toddler realized she could poke the nipple part down into the rest of the cup and break the seal, spilling all the water everywhere. I bought these awhile ago, but I'm upset about the bad design and am going to try to return them for my money back.
My 12 month old broke these off the toilets the first week we had them...USELESS! I would not recommend, waste of money!
Quality of materials is sub par. It looks very cheap in person - kind of like freebie ($15 max value). Zippers are hard to move. Didn't feel durable at all -> returned it.
I purchased this for my 8 week old son who is 10 pounds and growing longer everyday.  I saw the good reviews and was so excited to get it.  Well...Pros:  Soft, warm, and cute.Cons:  A little too big, (he can break free EASILY), I've found my son with it over his mouth and nose numerous times, not good!!  The baby is able to wiggle down despite it being velcro and TIGHT.I would just use a large flannel blanket or something else, this isn't worth the money.UPDATE:  Unfortunately, I cannot change the star review or I'd bump it up to 4 stars +.  I gave this product more time and sure enough, my baby is addicted.  I don't know truly if it has to do with the swaddler but he is swaddled and sleeping soundly each night.  What a dream come true.  He likes to free his hands at night but the blanket keeps him covered and warm and it kind of hugs him.
Before you buy an expensive teether like Sophie the Giraffe, figure out if your baby even likes teethers by trying a cheaper, BPA-free one from Target ($3).  I found out my baby is indifferent to teethers AFTER I bought Sophie for $21.  He prefers his hand or thumb. He simply looks at Sophie, then looks away.
I found the ultimate crib sheet to be much more trouble than it's worth. Lifting my daughter's mattress takes no effort: it's made of  lightweight foam. As a result, changing her sheets is also super easy. I just have to lift the mattress, and it takes two seconds. On the other hand, snapping all the ties on the ultimate crib sheet takes bending over the crib for five solid minutes (plus, the manufacturer recommends snapping the snaps before every wash, which means snap on crib, unsnap, snap again before wash, unsnap, snap on crib...) So, if you have a foam mattress in a corner of the room, I'd suggest just getting normal sheets and some of those stay-dry liners. If you have a coil mattress and keep the crib in the center of the room, then by all means, try the ultimate crib sheet...
Decent size cubby to hold toys in the bath, but one side doesn't seem to want to stick to the walls.
I bought this to warm bottles that were currently being kept cool with ice packs.  In that case, the thing did not work.  It got warm enough to knock the chill off the milk, but didn't come close to making the bottle warm enough that my son would actually drink it.  However, I switched my approach so now, if I know I'll be giving the bottle in an hour or less, I'll heat the bottle at home and put the already warm bottle in this bottle warmer to KEEP the bottle warm.  In that case, the thing works like a charm.  I do the same thing to keep baby food warm.  It really does stink if you're trying to heat something that's cold.  I imagine that if the bottle started out room temp, it might get fairly warm.  And if the bottle or food starts out warm, this will keep it warm.  For that last reason, I love this thing.  I use it at least weekly.  But for an actually warmer... to make something warmER, it stinks.
I bought this in a store, and the whole thing caved inward wherever you put more than a few ounces of weight. Don't waste your time or money. There's no way it could ever hold half of the stuff it shows in the stock image.
these nipples are so small that they just fall through a regular size bottle!!!  What is the point of them I do not know.  Would have returned but not worth even worrying with so I just threw them away!!  If you get them make sure you have the same brand of bottles and all the other parts.
These pads are terrible. I used the Avent disposables which are the absolute best,  so I thought their washables would be good as well. Well that was a big mistake. They curve outward instead of following the natural curve of the breast, making them visible under any type of shirt or sweater. I figured I could use them when I was home. Then I got tired of changing clothes from all the leaks I experienced. These pads don't absorb much at all. What I was saving on disposables, I was wasting on detergent and time.
This just did not work for our son. I had heard great things about it, but it kept sliding off. I tried it for about three days, but each time had the same result. I liked how it had the little flaps for each arm, it seems like that would be good for a baby who is good at escaping the swaddle. I read the instructions and feel that I was putting it on correctly, but maybe I just didn't pull tight enough. We ended up returning.
This was a cheaper option compared to other types of safety straps, and I'd say it's just OK. The straps are very stiff and kinda rough, especially the parts that rub against his neck. It actually left red marks on my son's neck. :( I put some strap covers on so that helped greatly. But the thing is such a pain to put on and take off, cause you have to slip one arm through, then the child's head, and then the other arm. It's a little awkward.It did help me keep my son from running away from me, and when he tripped and fell, it kept him from hitting the ground cause I yanked him right up! I have since decided to spend a little more money and get a more comfortable safety strap: Eddie Bauer Harness Buddy - Monkey I love this monkey so much!!! Soft, slips on and off like a book-bag, cute, and my son loves the monkey! I would recommend spending a little extra for comfort!
Seriously, I just got this, and this product is not worth a single penny. It is too bulky and gets in the way. Even when it is on its smallest setting! Not just that, but there is a large opening at the top for the cords to fit through, but the gap is so big, my kids can still unplug the cords and play with them.
These bottles are awful.  And they leak, even if you follow the directions.  I spoke to an Avent representative and they do not refund, they send you a box so that you can send them the bottles for a test.  If they leak, they send you new ones, if they don't you get yours back.  I told her I wanted my money back and she said they do not refund because they know that they do not leak.  I am wondering why they make such a difficult-to-assemble bottle?  Why, at 3am, do I have to worry so much about the collar of the nipple being just so and not overtightening and this and that. Can Avent please just make a bottle with fool-proof assembly at over 4 bucks a pop??? I know that some babies are picky with their nipples, but mine is not and she doesn't care what the milk comes out of, just make sure it comes out.  So we have switched to some cheapy bottles that amazingly do not leak.  I think they cost $1 a piece.  Keep it simple, stupids.UPDATE:  I sent the bottles to Avent.  They left me a message on my machine. I called them back.  They told me that my bottles do not leak (surprise surprise...but oh do they leak) and that it looked as if I had been using a brillo pad when washing them.  I used their stupid brush that was included in the kit.  So they sent me back my bottles.  No new bottles, no refund, nothing.  I told them that I was disappointed with their product and that I had spent all sorts of money on it and that I was very perturbed that they cannot make a product that is simple to assemble and doesn't leak.  I also told them that I had purchased some bottles at Wal-Mart for less than a dollar each that also have anti-colic nipples that are easy to assemble and do not leak.  Whatever.  I am just so upset that this company does not aim to make their consumer happy.I highly recommend using a different bottle system, unless you want a soaked kid.
I used this item 3 times, now its collecting dust.  Most books that I've read and my doctor agrees that it really isn't necessary to sterilize bottles.  They only need to be washed in very hot soapy water.  My son goes through tons of bottles a day and its not convenient to sterilize them in this item.  You can only fit 4 bottles in there at a time.  Save your money and wash you bottles well by yourself!

DO NOT WASTER YOUR MONEY ON THIS TUB. IT IS A PIECE OF JUNK.MY BABY WAS VERY UNCOMFORTABLE IN THIS TUB, YOU ALSO ONLY HAVE ONE FREE HAND TO WASH THE BABY . IT ALSO LEAKS FROM THE BOTTOM
First, polyester cover - scratchy and not very soft.Secondly, there is a weird contour of the pillow that pokes right at your stomach.  I don't know why they contoured it this way.  Is this supposed to support your breasts?  If so, it's in the wrong place.Lastly, too short!  I'm only 5'2 and I really have to bend my knees inorder for my legs to be supported by this.
I bought this so that I could warm bottles for the baby and because it came recommended from another mom.  I like it at first, sure it was a pain to have to boil after each use to reset the heating mechanism but for the convenience, I didn't think it was too bad.  I've had it for a few months now and I really dislike it and am going to return it if I can.Problem #1--You need to plan to use it because it will take up to 20 min to warm a bottle fresh from the fridge and a little less if it's at room temp.  If you baby likes a warmer bottle, then it can take longer.  So, if you baby isn't on a really predictable schedule, this isn't the warmer for you.Problem #2--I packed it in the diaper bag and then went to go use it only to find out it had been activated.  The activation disk is very sensitive to being bumped or rubbed and will activate the heating crystals easily.  So I was scrambling to find away to heat the bottle at the mall with a screaming/hungry baby.  I ended up having to find a place to breastfeed which isn't easy if you have a baby that is a messy/distractable nurser, there is not a private enough place for these kiddos!Problem #2--It's heavy.  It will definitely add weight to your diaper bag that is noticeable and it's not petite in size.Problem #3--the annoying problem of boiling it after each use takes on a whole different level of annoying when you have to spend 20 min boiling it when you haven't even used it because it was activated by accident....stupid sensitive activation disk!Problem #4--Not a big deal, but if you have older children this becomes a cool toy.  They get amazed to see liquid turning to crystal and getting hot...this is just as annoying as it getting accidentally activated!So for the amount of times I have actually used the item (twice) v. the times I've had to boil this item to use it (at least 10!) I wouldn't buy this or recommend it to anyone.
I got this as a baby shower gift.  I thought it would be a great and useful item, but it ended up taking up a lot of room on the shelves of the changing table and doesn't really hold a lot of diapers.Also, I use a wipe warmer, so this is too tall to fit the warmer on top of it under the shelf of the changing table.I found that the diaper stacking bag that matched my crib set held a lot more diapers, and also took up less room because it can hang off the side of the table.
These bottles were terrible for us.  They leaked no matter how many times I tried and followed the directions.  They also did not keep my daughter from being gassy.  As soon as we changed her bottles to the Dr. Browns she slept through the night with no wake ups.  I was not a big fan of these bottles and neither was my daughter.
I have a snugride 35 carseat. Apparantly not all snugrides are considered equal when it comes to the base. I purchased this model thinking I would save money on my spare base. Now I have to return it and wait for the more expensive one to come. How hard is it to include in the product information that it excludes, or will only fit certain models?
We got this gate to replace the old school wooden kind that broke.  I figured this would be more durable, which it is.  But it's also a pain to take it down, and move it to another location.  Whereas with the wooden one, it would be a 30 second process, this is probably closer to 7 minutes to get it unlocked and removed, and then line it up to go in another one, and try repeatedly to get the right size.  So we now keep it in one doorway that can stay in all the time and just step over it.
It really upsets me that this product is sold for babies when it is a piece of flame retardant treated foam covered in vinyl. I will keep looking for a different product to use for my baby's crib, and I hope enough people will refuse to buy unsafe products so that manufacturers start providing us with better options.
At first I really liked these, until I realized that my baby just used about 100 liners in about 1 week. It's not easy to squeeze the air out. Since I keep track of how much our baby eats, how can I do that when the liner is all scrunched up! Not worth the money on the liners and there is plenty of air that gets into the liner even if once in a while you do manage to get the air out. I'm sorry I ever bought them.
I returned this ASAP! It was AWFUL! It comes with a thick bar that you have to place the toilet seat ON TOP of! This elevates the toilet seat in the back and the only thing the seat is hanging on by is the flimsy plastic hinges of the seat!! I figured out quickly that if you sit down on the seat a few times, it will break off the hinges of your toilet seat and you'll have to buy a new seat! Whoever thought up this STUPID design did not think it through! From other reviews, I see people have already broken some seats. Sent this back and boughtMommy's Helper Toilet Seat Lid-Lokand I like it a lot better than this one!Note: NO toilet seat lock will give you a super tight seal. There's always going to be some inch or so that you will be able to open the seat, but at least your child won't drown -- maybe just some of his toys will!
We received this carrier as a gift, so we didn't have much input on the selection.  We liked the idea of it being a front or back carrier, however it just doesn't seem to work with our bodies.  Our daughter seemed to be carried with her head by my ear when I tried it as a front pack.  The plastic side buckles to hold the child in place were not that secure, so when we used it we still held her for fear of them opening up - defeats the purpose of having your hands free!  We much rather use our FABULOUS Quattro tour system than this!!!
I am keeping this product just because it is so hard to find a cover for my changing table. The fabric is rough and not very soft... looks kind of used. This product also didn't fit my cover like I thought it would. I still had to fold over some excess material, but it doesn't look too bad.
I bought this high chair for traveling to grandmas houses. It didn't fit my mothers table or my mothers-in-laws table either. We had to use it on the outside patio table. After a few uses it broke. When it did fit the table it wasn't bad.
I must be doing something wrong because it leaks. What is the point if it isn't air tight? I just use the regular bottle tops.  However, this is not a knock against the Avent system, these are my favorite bottles, the only ones to decrease spit-up!
My baby is 4 weeks old, I have not yet used a thing from it. Regular adult stuff is more useful and better quality.
This thing is awful.  It's hard so you have a hard time positioning the baby.  It's uncomfortable, you have to hold the baby into position while trying to get your baby to latch on.  Holding your breast, holding your baby's head, and their body keeps rolling back to their back, add other pillows to get the baby to stay in position.  So frustrating!! If you have had a c-section forget it, it applies too much pressure to your abdomen.  Day 2 of being home I sent my mom out with some money to get the Boppy!  Best decision ever!
I debated which stroller to buy via online reviews and decided to just go to a big box store and take a look at them. The store only carried Maclaren, Jeep and Chicco (no UPPAbaby or Britax). Here is what I found:I looked at the Maclaren Quest, Triumph and Volor, Jeep All-Weather Reclining Umbrella, Chicco C6. I narrowed it down to the Quest and Triumph and ultimately picked the Triumph based on color =)Maclaren Quest Sport Stroller, Coffee/Sky BlueMaclaren Triumph Stroller, Charcoal/SilverMaclaren Quest and Triumph: Very similar to each other, differences noted here. Both reclines to same spot, Quest only has two positions, Triumph can be reclined to any position between fully upright and fully reclined. That said it doesn't recline all that much. The two positions on the Quest would be sufficient. My four month old (13lbs) fits fine in either stroller. I did add a padded headrest (the ones they sell for car seats) just to make her a little more secure. The stroller still folds up with the headrest in it. The Quest has an extended foot pad. It will keep wind, etc... off babies legs once they are long enough to hang off. The actual seat size isn't any different. The big functional difference between the two is that the Quest had a pocket on the canopy (between the handles). The pocket is large enough to hold a wallet, cell phone and keys (not much else). Has a velcro closure. Quest also has a couple of small side pockets - not sure what you would put in them though. You can buy stroller organizers for $20 that will attach to the Truimph which include zipper pockets and cup holders.Maclaren Volo Stroller, BlackMaclaren Volo: Is 2 lbs lighter than Quest and Triumph. The thin mesh seat made me nervous about how well it would hold up and that it would be too cold for baby on slightly chilly days. Also doesn't recline. For $30 more I thought it was worth the recline feature and slightly heavier/cushier seat. The weight savings didn't seem all that significant over the Triumph or Quest.Jeep All-Weather Reclining Umbrella Stroller, Pink/Jeep Wrangler All-Weather Umbrella Stroller, ImpulseJeep Umbrella Stroller: Just felt junky and not well made.Chicco Ct0.6 Capri Lightweight Stroller, TangerineChicco: Felt relatively high quality but at 5'7" I kicked the wheels while walking. Wouldn't be able to stand that. The blue and black are cute but the orange is hideous and I love orange. It is a very bright almost neon orange. Nice that is comes with a carrying bag.Wish I could have looked at a Britax and UPPAbaby but I liked the Maclaren so much that I decided to just go with it!UPPAbaby G-Lite Stroller, JakeUPPAbaby G-Luxe Stroller, DennyBritax B-Nimble Stroller, Cowmooflage
I bought this (from a different website, $5 cheaper) for my baby when he was learning to sit up, but his legs didn't fit.  I measured the leg compartment, and if your baby's thighs are thicker than a 500mL bottle of water, this chair is not for him/her.It's a shame, as it looks like a good device to help babies learn to sit up.
I liked these at first but now I don't like them as much because my 3 year old sometimes likes to step on them causing damage to the trim they are screwed into. They cannot support the weight because they do not bend. I've also had one break, but the main issue is the damage when these get stepped on. Keep that in mind. It would be nice to see these in a flexible design but I'm not aware of any. Also, I wouldn't call these "soft".UPDATE 2010-02-10: Had another one break... so at least two have broken now. I have removed some other ones because I think they would cause more damage/risk than their worth if my son were to step on them or "play" with them.
After reading the great reviews I went with this tub. During the first use I was frustrated that my baby kept sliding down the sling. I quit using it for awhile and just used the foam turtle in the kitchen sink. Well now that he is bigger we started using the tub again. At 3 months he moves a lot. He is constantly sliding too far over to the side or his bottom lifts up on to the bump. I turned him to the infant/toddler side and he is not really ready for that. So basically this tub has been pretty worthless. I am going to purchase the Primo tub since the molding looks much more effective and safe.
This powerstrip cover is pointless.  Any child can get their hand in it and get shocked.
Yes, its stretchy.. but TOO stretchy. i couldnt even get it to look right hanging up in my daughters room.. she has a lot of stuffed animals and after putting only about 4 in there it was just awkward looking and hangs down too much
I bought this to put under the car seat in my new car. I had hoped it would help alleviate dents in the seat, as indicated on the product package. It did not. The car seat was in place for about 3 weeks and has left indents in the seat in spite of the protector. It is also not really large enough to catch spills. I use a Diono Radian, so the seat is about as narrow as you can get. Only a couple of inches stick out on either side. I also find the mesh pocket useless. The kid cannot reach it. And anything I might store in it, such as tissues, would get soggy and gross from dirty shoes. I am sure this is true of any protector, but installation can be tricky. It takes time and patience to get the car seat installed snuggly while keeping this protector in place. I usually have a good experience with Munchkin products, but I would not recommend this. I don't know if it's a case of &#34;you get what you pay for&#34;, but it definitely did not do the job stated on the box.
Another mediocre quality product marketed toward new moms.I've been through three Mommy Hooks in three months.  All broke with very light use (ie a bag with a change of clothes for the baby, or a cooler with a bottle and snacks).  The distributor of Mommy Hooks, Keen, sent replacements for free,  but given that they all broke, what's the point?I finally got smart and purchased a proper Carabineer w/ a Carry Handle, which holds up to 150 pounds. The new Carabineer I purchased was less expensive than the Mommy Hook, but a million times better in terms of quality.  I'm not worried about it breaking.Search Amazon for 7-3/4" Snap Hook: Carabineer Carry Handle with Soft-Grip" if you want to order one for yourself.
These bibs started falling apart after ONE wash!  Pathetic.  The velcro on all of them unraveled and now the tabs are falling off.  Plus the velcro tab is really small so they don't adjust much, making a gap between my baby's neck and the bib so her clothing gets dirty anyway.  Seriously, if you want throw away bibs, these are for you.  If you want something that is going to last, look elsewhere.
Would give this zero stars if I could.  Every time I wash a bottle, this brush flings soapy water everywhere--all over the sink, counter, and my face!  And the nipple brush is way too thick and the bristles are too hard.  A double-sponge bottle brush is what I had before (a sponge tip and sponge at base, with bristles in between), and that's what I'll be going back to.  And by the way, the tip of the nipple brush rusts right away, as other reviewers have mentioned.
This item was purchased for my baby girl off of our registry. We liked it initially, but after five months of use the sound machine started to malfunction. The two sounds we used most often, showers and ocean, now only play for a second after pressing the button even though the timer is set for 45 minutes. We tried changing the batteries, but it didn't help. Now, a month and a half later, the other two sounds are going out too. We were not using the sheep an excessive amount, usually only 45 minutes at night time. Occasionally she would stir after 45 minutes and we would restart it.The sound machine is now useless and the sleep sheep is just a expensive stuffed animal. We've moved on to using a free white noise generator on the internet for bed time if she needs a little extra help falling asleep. I wouldn't recommend this sound machine. It is overpriced for something that only lasts a few months.
I registered for and received these Medela bags.  After using all 50, I got a few free Lansinoh bags with my breast pad purchase.  Wow!! I will never go back to Medela.  The reason I registered for them is because everyone says they are strong and don't leak.  Well this is the only good feature.  The Lansinoh bag is strong as well, easy to close (DOUBLE zip-lock Vs. Medela's bothersome twisty ties), easy to get the air out (unlike Medela's), and the Lansinoh's take-up WAY less room in the freezer! Stacking Medela bags in the freezer is difficult because of their shape...and thawing will be difficult because I can see I'll need to watch that the milk doesn't spill out the top.  With Lansinoh I won't have to worry about that.  My medela bags haven't split in the freezer...I'll give them that.  But neither has my Lansinoh bag.
I thought these were cute and playful for my child who loved playing with his feet. After about a week, I noticed a string hanging from his mouth and when I pulled it out, it was an antenna from one of the bugs. Considering EVERYTHING goes into a child's mouth, I don't feel these are safe if your child chews on things. I understand not everything is made for chewing, but child's toys should be.
these bottles are not worth the money.. they are so complicated to put together and they always leak. my daughter could not drink one bottle without spilling the formula out of the sides. please think about using another bottle, I suggest dr browns , i threw away all my ventaire once i purchased the dr browns bottles &#62; they are definitely the best on the market.
These nipples certainly weren't &#34;fast&#34; for anything but water. Formula barely comes through. Slower than the slow-flow! The other Playtex nipples I've bought aren't BPA free and they work MUCH better.
This carrier was not for us. It was awkward and difficult to use. My son was not comfortable in the carrier either. I exchanged it for the model below and love it! It's super easy to use and my son loves it!
I thought that I just had to have this bottle warmer. Boy was I wrong. I found this warmer to be more of a hasssle than anything. I used Avent bottle (which I love - no gas!!) so maybe the bottles are the problem - who knows. The bottles were either too hot or too cold. It is just as easy to install an instant hot water thingy on your faucet and make a warm bottle in seconds.
These looked adorable and like they were a great idea.  However, neither of my babies expressed any interest in them as infants.  They either ignored them or cried until I took them off.  They rediscovered them when they were a little over a year old and wanted to wear them then.  I have tiny twins (who wore 6mo clothing on their 1st birthday) so they still barely fit and my kids did have fun with them for a few months.  But if they had been any closer to average size they would never have used them.
The individual wipes are way too big for what you need, and you end up going through a whole pack rather quickly. The price is definitely too high for what you get. Save yourself some money and use pacifier wipes instead. They're smaller, cheaper, and last a lot longer!
First off, mine was white and it looks like they changed the shape and color now, whether that matters, I don't really know, or care. This is the most awful product. We tried it 3 times, once actually following direction, then twice adding more water to see if it makes any difference. Nope. It doesn't work. The ONLY thing it does is get the actual bottle hot. Almost too hot to the touch, but if you test out the actual formula, it was literally ice-cold. Like straight from the fridge. Awful, awful product. I find these mixed reviews odd, because apparently for some, it actually works and for others, like me, it doesn't do ANYTHNG. I don't know about those positive reviews, but for me, it was just utterly dissapointing. Pity really, it would have been SO convenient to warm a bottle up as quickly as it says(1 minute, I believe). But we have to continue doing it the old-fashioned way.
It's ironic that my son would break his arm over something I bought to help protect him.  He was 2 years old.  I wanted a gate that was wide, could expand to a wider width on top than on bottom to accommodate the baseboards.  I didn't want anything with footholds that he could use for climbing.  This gate fit the bill nicely.What happened?  My son tried to climb the gate anyway.  He was able to get his leg over the top bar and when he did, the material on the top bar slid over and around the bar.  He couldn't grip the bar and slid right over the top, breaking his arm.  Try gripping a metal bar with a loose padded nylon sleeve and you will see how difficult it is to grip the bar.  Is this just a freak accident?  Probably, but I can't see myself giving 5 stars for a safety product that my child defeated.Pros:+expands to a wide width up to 60 inches+can make the top and bottom different widths to accommodate baseboards+easy to expand via a twisting motion+does not mar doorways+pressure mounted, is portable+mesh panel has no footholdsCons:-no door-cannot be used at top of the stairs because it is pressure mounted-if the kid gets over the top, he will fall right over!______________________________UPDATE:So it's been a few years and I'm no longer afraid my son would fall over the gate.  I have a dog and was trying to prevent the dog from going into the dining room from the kitchen.  Out comes this gate.  My son was 7 and my daughter 4.  The kids never went through that door per my instructions.  Well, you know kids.  This time, it was my daughter who tried to climb the gate.  She also had the problem of not being able to get a grip on the top bar.  She slid over the top and fell smack right on her face.Thought it was a fluke the first time.  This gate really isn't made for climbers.
The kneeler is not very sturdy.  I was not comfortable kneeling on it, and I felt like my weight would break right through the flimsy little styrofoam-like cushion.  If that is what the manufactorer considers cusioning, I'm not impressed.  I might as well kneel on a folded towel.  I was hoping for something that would be soft.  Also, the construction of the item is not very sturdy.  It is made of plastic, and it does not seem at all durable.  The elbow &quot;cushion&quot; is also not very soft.  It is not secure, either.  When I leaned against it to test it, it slid right off.  If I'd been busy bathing my baby, I would have tumbled into the tub with him.  I don't recommend this product.
These bibs are a good size for a newborn, especially a bigger newborn.  My son was 8lbs 10oz and it was a great size to start him off with.  Out of the package they are good looking too but after a few washes they started falling apart.  They still do the job but look terrible.  Now, I couldn't take him out in public in the condition that they are in and my baby is only 4 weeks old.
The idea behind these bags is great - you can pump straight into the bag and store them. The execution, however, is lousy. Using twisties to seal the bags is cumbersome and annoying.I prefer the Lansinoh bags with the double seal. Even though you can't pump straight into them, sealing them is quick and easy.
The area this was intended for was 98 inches. The gate did not come close to the 98 inches and definitely did not reach it's max of 103 inches. Had this product work for us, it would have been returned, because of the flimsiness, being so long without a better bottom support. While unpacking the gate, there were small splinters of wood in the packaging, as well as falling off of the gate while we attempted to set it up, I wouldn't want our little ones getting splinters just from pulling themselves up on it. I own another North States gate that we used with our eldest child and still use, and love it, which is why I was inclined to purchase another gate from the same company.
I can not recommend this bottle brush. Its very stiff, very abrasive, and very (amazingly) difficult to use. Unless you're using very wide mouthed bottles you can't get this brush OUT of a bottle without spraying soap and water everywhere. Its stiff enough that I often question how effectively its really cleaning out the bottles. Its about as stiff as the brush we use to scour dirty pans!!! There's a trick to using it that we've mastered after having it a while, but come on... its a bottle brush. There shouldn't have to be a &#34;trick&#34; to using it!We'll be shopping for something better and dumping this one ASAP!
My 3 year old when sitting in the rear sticks his feet in the wheel. Not only does it put the stroller to a hault, his foot also can roll with the wheel and get jammed in the back, twisting his foot ankle and leg.The buckles are super cheap too. If you pull on them they come undone. My 10m old was able to pull the buckle apart in the front seat, as could my 3 year old (37 months old) with the back harness buckles too.the basket is large, ya... in length but its VERY shallow. Your not fitting too much in there.Steering is ok, but because its the way it is, it doesnt turn on a dime nor can it be used ever 1 handedly. I never drove over grass with it, once his foot kept getting stuck i decided to never use it again.It looks nice, bright fun colors, looks appealing by style, and folds up nicely, but its not practical.
I received two of these at my baby shower. I thought they were cute and then I opened one and gave it to my baby. IT SQUEAKS!!!!! It makes a high-pitched, dog-toy squeak that is obnoxious. That being said, the baby loves chewing on it and it is easy for her to hold. But that noise - it is awful. It is loud and draws attention. I will not take it with us to restaurants or even in the car.  It is so bad I have considered &#34;losing&#34; Sophie. I would never give this to another parent.
So we had a little bit of an interesting situation. My husband and I were moving in to my parents' house after they built their house. We were preparing to live in the house about 1 year in advance, which is when I purchased this gate and installed it at my parents' house for when they had my daughter over there. It was barely used for the good part of that year, left open most of the time. Right before we moved in, my daughter ran into the gate (wasn't hurt, thank goodness) but it broke apart. Not only was the outside covered in plastic, the entire hinge was made of plastic! Are you kidding me? That much for a gate and you can't even give me a durable hinge? Sorry, but this was a waste of money!
These bottles are the worst.  All they do it leak all the time.  I tried everything the company told me to do to stop the leaking but nothing has helped.  They even sent me new bottles and I shipped the old ones back but the new ones leak too.  Went to the cheap evenflo bottles for 3 bucks and they are soooo much better.  Don't waste you time or money on the hype that surrounds these bottles.  IT is not worth it! Save your $$
I was disappointed to find that they did not send me the decorated nurser.  I got plain nursers in the old fashioned yellow color and just plain clear bottles.  Since I have been waiting for them to arrive and therefore have not purchased any from the store I just plan to use them because I have no time to send them back and wait for another set.  The box looks like old stock perhaps obsolete. First disappointing purchase from Amazon.
My son never used these...since he is a boy and the ones I received were pink...so I can't attest to whether he liked them or not.Maybe it's just me, but colors may vary just doesn't fly with baby stuff unless all the colors are neutral.
I had this highchair with my first son - and when I pulled it out to put our new baby in it - I remembered all of my frustrations and ended up throwing it away.I bought the chair originally because of the comfort for the baby - the plush, big seat, the reclining options and the height adjustment options.I also loved that it had wheels on the bottom so that I could move it around the kitchen and out to the deck for summer meals.Everything was great at first - until we really started using it. Here were my main issues:1 - I hope they've fixed this in newer models, but the baby could get the tray off by sticking his foot in the handle and kicking it off.2 - The cotton cover pills the first time you wash it, and the batting (stuffing) inside, bunches up into one of the corners.3 - The legs stick out further than the chair, so every time the baby drops little bits of food off the side (or lots of food when they're older and think it's funny or want to feed the family pet!) it gets stuck on the legs and in between the legs and the seat. I was constantly scrubbing food out of the little cracks and off of the various molds on the plastic legs.4 - When you wash the tray, water seeps into it and doesn't all come out no matter how much shaking and draining you attempt. So, when you stick it back on to the chair, it slowly leaks onto the floor. After a while it starts to smell like mildew.5 - It takes up a lot of space - and even with the nice print on the cover - all of the plastic and metal makes it stick out like a sore thumb.We purchased the Eddie Bauer wood highchair for our new baby. I'm so much happier with it. It looks nicer, it doesn't get anywhere near as dirty - but when it does, it is easy to clean. The baby seems just as comfy in it as the Trend seat. I don't mind having to pick it up and move it instead of rolling it - that little task is worth all of the time that I spent trying the Trend chair clean.
Same problems as everyone else. I bought this as an "easy" way to pump. I originally bought an Ameda electric pump. I love it, but wound up not using it very often, as it has a lot of pieces to wash and put back together. As I got more and more used to breastfeeding, I just stopped pumping. Well, I'm going to be out of the house a little more often and decided I should start pumping and storing and just wanted to do a little pumping at night before bed.  I figured a manual pump would be a little easier to use than hooking up the electric pump.  This pump is HORRIBLE. It fell apart, and I pumped and pumped and I got less than 1/2 ounce.
Although the bug is cute, my daughter really wasn't into it. She started out with the Eric Carle ladybug that is similar overall, but she preferred the ladybug to the bug. My daughter from 1 month now to 9 months, just chucks this toy aside in preference for more interesting toys.
We recently moved into a new house and bought and installed 3 of these gates. Within one week, our 13 month old broke two of the gates. Once by holding onto the rungs and shaking the gate the other time by grabbing one of the rungs when he tripped.Both times the rung popped right out breaking at the top and bottom. This left a gap in the rungs wide enough for our son to stick his head through which means he could get past the gate if we kept it up (which of course we didn't.)
Well, we really loved Mortimer until today. Our 4 month old was chewing on the antlers and all of a sudden she started making a weird noise...the antlers are a bit too small and are able to fit totally in her mouth. She got part of it lodged in her throat and started to choke. Luckily, she was fine but it gave us quite a scare. Unfortunately, I will not be recommending this toy to anyone.
I bought this based on the - mostly good reviews- however, I am giving a warning.. read the bad reviews and take them to heart.. everything stated... Stiff material that hurts then, sticks in their throat, velrco easily undone.. its all true! beware! this will be like throwing your 12.00 OUT OF THE WINDOW.
My daughter is on the thinner side and at 18 months struggles to get comfortable in this chair. She's not able to sit on it without falling in. There's no way that she could sit on this for any length of time because she's having to hold her weight so she doesn't fall in. In addition, the splash guard makes sitting on this super awkward. Another mother wrote about how her daughter needed stitches after cutting her genitals on the splash guard. I can totally see how this can happen. It's not safe for your child to independently seat themselves without some help.
My 14 month old likes these but they are unsanitary. No matter how well I empty them of water after each bath they still grow mold inside them. You go to squirt them and black gunk comes out. I'm going to get rid of these and find other bath toys that are easier to keep clean
Had to return this item.  The hat was way too small.  The 0-6 month didn&#8217;t fit my 3 month old.  It was super cute so if you have to get it, buy the larger size.
My mother purchased this for me from TJmaxx or Ross or something.  I've learned to be very suspicious of baby products from those places- seems like they've usually had some sort of issue and no one will buy them any more and sometimes those issues are dangerous like with this product.I think this blender is pointless.  One could do much better buying a small food processor from Target or something.  This Dex one is also cheaper at walmart online.  This blender is weak, doesn't blend very quickly or efficiently.  I'm horrified to read the reviews and learn about the plastic ring which I cannot find in mine!  I guess I fed my baby plastic!  Mine's been sitting in a plastic bag ready to go to Goodwill.  Maybe I should just throw it away.It's a piece of junk that ends up in Ross because it's a poorly designed product.  Do your baby a favor and buy a BPA free one somewhere else, and freeze your baby food in tiny Pyrex.
This just doesn't keep my little one's arms swaddled. He loves the soft fabric but my 5 month old can easily break through the Velcro.  I would recommend the miracle blanket or swaddle me instead.  It does wash up well and keeps him warm.
If you are really, really, REALLY hard pressed for space, then maybe this tub is for you... except that you'll only use it for 3 months  because it is so small and then it will sit in storage wasting that valuable space.  As with most tubs, this holds maybe a quart of water, which means, only babies bum is wet, how fun is that.  And as soon as baby can sit, that is if she hasn't outgrown this small tub by then, she will not want to lay down at the angle this tub puts her at.  Save space by getting a little bigger tub that will spend more time holding your splashing baby than sitting under your sink: I have the Newborn to Toddler Tub by The First Years--my baby is a year old and I still use it (she is petite, but I'm sure anyone can get at least 6-9 months out of it.)
I only review products when they are excellent or extremely poor. This thermometer fits into the latter category.From the moment I received it, the thermometer did not work properly. Numbers only partially displayed--I changed the batteries and reset the unit as the instructions directed, and still no success, so I was never able to even consider implementing the memory function. Also, if you take a person's temp on the forehead, it comes out almost a full degree higher than when taken by ear. All in all, a complete waste of money and I wish I had never purchased it.
I think this toy is very cute and colorful and that's about it. As others have said, it's pretty boring and the baby ends up mostly hugging it or mouthing it (but he mouths anything). Each worm segment has something inside, but the worm is so plush you have to press pretty hard.  He much prefers his other toys and i suspect this worm will soon become just a room decoration.  Oh, and the music is very tinny and ANNOYING-it's not loud but it's high pitched, which is the worst combination.
I don't have anything to add...it's very uncomfortable and didn't ease any of my discomfort. I used it for one night.
They would be useful if the size of the cubes would be twice bigger and deeper. 2 starts for the idea only.
Missing parts : (4)x Post rackets and (12)x wood screws 5/8" in the package.Document: missing instruction .  It is  donwloaded from internet. Not sure instruction downloaded is most updated.Package is not packed carefully. Tape  wrapping around  box looks old.
My baby is an Advent baby. I love all the Advent products, but was a little disappointed with this one. The bottle warmer, is maybe too good of a warmer, as it tends to overheat the milk even before the recommended time limit. The timings really should be precise.
This toy does not "play music."  You have to really squeeze the legs hard and when you do, they sound like a horn.  Even as an adult, I find it hard to make the sound come out of the legs.  So it's more like a big stuffed animal.  Because it doesn't really do anything else.  I'm not a fan for the price.
You are better off spending the extra money to buy a better sippy cup. These leak like crazy and the lids are a hassle to put together. I recommend NUK Large Learner Cup, 10 Ounce.
BOUGHT THESES FOR MY DAUGHTER IN LAW AND SHE SAID THAT THEY WERE UNCOMFORTABLE AND THAT SHE WAS UNABLE TO USE THEM
My 4 month old has had this toy for 1 week now and still shows very little interest in it. She prefers her other musical and teething toys and blanket. Hopefully, she'll enjoy it at some point.The toy is a good size, bright colors, and has many different textures. The fabrics are not overly soft. This may contribute to her disinterest. From my observation, she still prefers simpler toys at this stage. And the look of this toy is very busy, with little to do (for a 4 month old) touch and mouth it.UPDATE:  she's now 14 months old and NEVER had any interest in this particular toy, not even as a teether.
For what these nipples cost they were a total disappointment! They are no different from ordinary nipples that cost 50% less and my LO still hated them! Also after using these nipples my LO would tend to be extra rough and pulled at my boobies
I do not understand all the positive reviews on amazon.  This product is by far the worse purchase I have made.  Very unsteady.  and not sturdy at all.  Wobbles as my daughter steps on it to use the toilet.  The toilet seat this it comes in with doe not even fit well on the actual toilet seat.  Such a waste of money.  Wanted to warn other buyers.  This is probably the only time where I bought an item based on a positive review and was highly disappointed!  As this item cannot be returned for hygienic reasons, we are forced to keep it.
This says it fits all prince lionheart warmers. Not true, I had to return it and purchase another model which then fit
Too bad i received a defective set. The legs doesn't balance, thus the stopper cannot be used because it doesn't level with the ground. Returned it and bought another Fisher-price rocker which can recline in 2 positions! Maybe it's a blessing in disguise that I've gotten a defective set haha prefer the new one which I order since it can recline for NB to sleep in
These deodorizers do nothing to stop the diaper pail smell in the bedroom.  I have found that it works better to wash the diaper pail with Lysol and then spray the whole thing on the inside with Febreze.
These did not work for out outlets. Possibly because we have an older home?? The latch that is supposed to hook on to the plate isn't long enough so it doesn't grip and they pull right out.
I guess I learned my lesson.  I read the reviews of this product, and was unsure, but I bought it anyway.  A waste of money for me.  Maybe my son was too old for it to begin with, but they have to be old/big enough to reach the kick pad, so what age is this meant for?  Didn't stay in place, held no interest for my son.  We're back to the better quality mirror without any kicking gimmicks and I've found other ways to entertain my son in the car.  A total waste of my money this time...
This price is a LOT for something that youll have to buy many of!!!! this comes with just one, and if you multiply the price by the amount outlets you have, youll be spending a lot of money. I do however recommed these,
Absolutely the worst!  The little notches on the side are baby finger sized and they come right out.  Buy the old school kind for REAL safety!!!
I am a breastfeeder.  But, every now and again, my husband gives our baby a bottle of breastmilk.  We are past the point of sleep deprivation, so I don't blame the use of this product on not enough sleep - it really is very confusing to use.The directions are quite unclear and the chart used to tell you how much water to put in is even more unclear.  Several times, we have put too much water in, and the bottle gets way too hot, which is dangerous!This is only my opinion and I do not believe has anything to do with lack of intelligence.
The cup comes with a rubber valve (which is the "spill proof" mechanism).  When the valve is on the cup, there's no way to suck the water out, which defeats the purpose of drinking anything from it.  If you take the valve out, then the cup is not spill proof.  My baby just turns it over and the water comes gushing out.  This things is useless.  We ended up buying another cup at Walmart that works wonderfully (totally spill proof no matter what my baby does and easy to suck as well), I just don't know the brand of it becuase it's not on the cup itself.
This was really cute and my daughter loved it. It always seemed to take a while to turn on and to register the change in temperatures, so if the bath was too  hot and I started adding water I would often end up make the tub too cool. It flashes back and forth between Celsius and Fahrenheit and sometimes it seems to take too long to switch back to Fahrenheit. It finally stopped turning on altogether and I got a replacement battery. The one inside that it came with looked a bit rusted. But when I replaced the battery it still didn't work. Oh it was not that expensive. I purchased a different turtle thermometerTurtlemeter, the Baby Bath Floating Turtle Toy and Bath Tub Thermometerand it works much more quickly and seems much better built.
unfortunately, my son didn't like the taste. i wouldn't recommend the brush either, it doesn't look like it cleans well.
This looks great but it's very bulky to put on. Also it gets really hot underneath the cover and the top is too wide and cumbersome so it keeps sliding away. You practically need 3 hands to make it work properly as a nursing cover.
My baby never liked to wear this bib.  He is now 10 months old and average size. It was never comfortable for him to wear.
i bought these and wasted my money. the liquid pours out through the spout. do not buy this! buy the First Years sippy cups. they are perfect!
These bottles are the worst I've ever seen.  My son could not get latched on correctly, the nipples were too small, and then when he drank from them it went down way to quickly.  And why should a bottle be so complicated that you have to either hold it just right or screw the lid on just right, not to tight you know.  Who wants to mess with that in the middle of the night.  We switched to the playtex natural latch and everything was much better.  Yes you have  the bags, but there is no leaking and no extra air.  I only use these bottle with my pump and even then they are a pain in the butt, because they don't want to stay screwed to the pump. ERRR!! Very frustrating.
These types of carriers are nicknamed "crotch danglers" in the babywearing world. Not only are they terribly uncomfortable for the parent, but it puts pressure on the baby's groin and can cause a ton of health problems (hip dysplasia being one). For the price of this carrier you can get a great, american made carrier, that has the baby in a correct seated position. Please do your research on baby carriers before you make a purchase. It's hard to beleive that these carriers are not recalled in the U.S.
There is nothing to keep the baby swaddled (like velcro on the SwaddleMe blankets). It was also huge for our newborn... I can't imagine swaddling a baby large enough to fit in this. And it was $30! It was a complete waste of money, and we have never used it. We ended up getting the SwaddleMe brand as hand-me-downs and LOVE those ones.
Don't bother with this one.  It's too complicated to put on.
too hard as rubber, my baby doesn't like it. if you are looking for some soft bib, this is not the one.
This bottle warmer was horrible. If you are formula-feeding, just use the microwave. Really. It takes so much less time, and all you have to do is shake the bottle really well to eliminate hotspots.This bottle warmer never heated bottles evenly. Sometimes they would be scalding hot, sometimes ice cold (and then you have to wait until it's completely cooled down before it will allow you to heat it again!). Not only that, but it always took a minimum of 5 minutes to heat the bottle. Meanwhile, my baby is screaming because he's hungry and wants that bottle!! The microwave only takes 30 seconds and it's the same temperature EVERY time.If you're heating expressed breastmilk I can see why someone would need a bottle warmer.Otherwise, what is the point??
My 7 month old can easily pull these off the table. I've tried pushing down as hard as possible, moistening the table first, etc. No luck, they still don't "stay put." also the lids are really hard to get on and off.
We borrowed our friend's Fisher Price papasan swing (made in 2006) for our first child and then bought the 2009 version for ourselves when our second came along.  The 2009 version barely swings.  You can hear the motor work for a moment and then nothing happens.  What a disappointment.  The 2006 version was totally different--it worked like a charm at calming our colicky newborn.  If you get a current version of the papasan swing, my advice is to buy it at a local store and make sure that the motor functions before throwing away the box.  The key is that every single setting for the swing should work--from slowest setting to fastest setting.  You should not have to set it four steps up to make it work.
I have owned and used the baby bjorn carrier for just over a month now. It is ok for the first thrity minutes to an hour in comfort. Anything beyond that you can expect to have a soar back. This was my second choice for a carrier. I first purchased the moby wrap, and absolutely love it. However, we recently traveled out of the country when my little guy was only two months old and did not want the hastle of the moby wrap going through security. I used this on the first flight to Bogota, Colombia and the first day we were there. After that first day I was absolutely miserable.It was so very uncomfortable. I would hold my son up with my hands to give my shoulders and back a break.The remainder of the trip I used the moby wrap and stuck the baby bjorn in the closet.Pros...ConvinientEasy to UseCons...Shoulder discomfortBack pain and discomfortMy child sits to low even when sized properly according to his heightCarrying any infant facing out is just cruel imo...when they are over stimulated they have no escape...it is much more comfy for babies to have the shelter of their mother or father's chest...I would not reccomend wasting your money. Instead...if you do not mind all the fabric...invest in th moby wrap or if you're looking for somehting a bit easier to get on and off try the Ergo baby carrier.
I purchased this item thinking it was BPA and phthalate free but it is not. It's never a good sign when there isn't even a recycling symbol on the item. We're trying to be as plastic free as possible so I returned it same day and plan to buy the Eurobath as a replacement. I will say that Diapers.com was exceptionally nice with the return. They provided a prepaid shipping label within minutes of my phone call to customer service.
I bought this because of the excellent reviews, so I felt it necessary to add my review that is not as positive.My son is 3'3" & 30 pounds. (he is almost 3 yr old) He does fit on this potty, but it leaves horrible red marks in his inner thighs after only sitting on it a few minutes. It hurt his bottom so badly that he cried & said "oh mommy my legs!" It's not great to start potty training with a painful experience. He is now afraid of it.I don't know if my son just has very sensitive skin or if it's because he is too big for the chair, but I switched to a soft seat that goes on the big toilet & we are trying that now. I wouldn't recommend this potty for larger children.
I returned this changing pad cover. It didn't fit the changing pad well at all. Material felt cheap, not impressed.
This had a horrible plastic smell when it arrived so we aired it outside for days before giving it to baby. Then after two weeks the music stopped. Wouldn't buy again.
These don't stick at all! My guys ripped them off the sides of the tables the second we put them up. The adhesive wouldn't restick either. What a waste. :(
I bought two of these bibs after my oldest was interested to feed himself.  He would not wear this for more than a few minutes.  I find it very uncomfortable as well around the neck loop, so I can't blame him for not wearing them.  We gave up trying them on him after a few times of him crying and begging for us to take them off.Fast forward four years later, still have these sitting there, almost brand new tried them on my youngest one year old little girl, she would not let me finish closing the bib.  Screaming and snatching it off her neck on first try.  So back to the fabric ones we go.Big waste of money
This item looks great but is cheaply made and isnt even safe for your baby. The red wipes case transfers red color to all your wipes and when you report the issue to the company they do not care. They delete your posts on their facebook wall if it doesnt favor them. Do not buy this product or any skip hop product for that matter. Your baby deserves to use products made by a company that will stand behind their product and that actually cares about the welfare of your baby.
I purchased this to match a Lambs and Ivy crib set. After comparing the colors, there is an obvious difference in the "blue" dots. The dots in these sheets have more of a greenish hue to them. I would not recommend these sheets if you are trying to match to blue. And on a side note, this company's name is American Baby Company, yet the sheets say 'Made in China'. So hypocritical and just sad really. Change your company name and stop misrepresenting yourselves to consumers!!
When we heard about this blanket, we were very excited. Our daughter loves to be swaddled, when we get it right - however, the blankets that we have (even the ones that the hospital used to swaddle her) were not very helpful for easy swaddling. And she works herself loose because she's getting stronger every day.We hoped a blanket cut for swaddling with the velcro would be the solution...However, two problems:1. It doesn't fit properly and she works herself loose despite the velcro - the velcro contact patches are very small - there should be a broader strip of velcro to attach to so it is more adjustable. Our daughter is small, and it is just too big on her. She swims in it. We hope it will work better when she gets bigger.2. Fleece - decent winter solution, but terrible in the summer. And terrible if you keep your house over 60 degrees. If only it came in a lighter material (we haven't found it).Oh well... it definitely seems to work for some, so don't use our review as your only basis.THAT BEING SAID, HOWEVER, we found two other options:1)  When our kids were very young (-> 1 month) we used a large waffle weave blanket from Target (~$5) and it worked wonderfully... we can wrap it tight, and she does work herself loose after about 3 hours, but it is better than any of the previous solutions.2)  the Amazing Miracle Blanket (another swaddling blanket), was our by far favorite swaddling blanketOne other note about swaddling - whenever she has been properly swaddled (usually by an expert) she loves it... We initially told some folks who have a lot of experience with children that she liked to have her arms loose. the response we got is that most babies behave that way, and it really is the small minority of babies that don't really like swaddling. Now that we know how to do it properly, we would agree.
my son would not use this.  i'm assuming it's the texture of the mesh he doesnt like.  he liked chewing on the handle more.
I took it to my Mom's house and it fit the crib she has for the grandkids.  It fits ok.  The babies yank the toys off those Velcro toy loops and toss them wherever, so we don't get much use out of those.  But the chewing on the rails is taken care of.  For my crib......not so much.
A red flag raised when the box instructions read, &#34;Microwave for 30 seconds.&#34; But the tag on the actual product reads, &#34;15-20 seconds.&#34; After heating for 20, it felt almost too hot on my arm as the product suggests to test it. Granted, microwaves vary from model to model, but the instructions should be consistent.I've tried it for the past week of colicky crying episodes, and it has not helped my baby. If I can return it, I will.This product is difficult for me to recommend, but it's also difficult to dissuade readers from trying it. All babies are different, and this has been reviewed fairly well. If you're experiencing a colicky baby like mine, then I suggest buying anything your pediatrician recommends and even trying this product. Personally, I'd spend my entire savings if it meant that I'd find one thing to stop my baby's colicky crying.
I received this bath as a gift and was excited. However there are a few problems with it that would make me not want to purchase it. 1st, it is very slick and he is constantly sliding down the inclined side of the tub. Which just means you have to hold him the whole time, which can be very awkward because of where the sides are. 2nd, as he has gotten bigger (almost 4 months) he is too long for the tub (about 24 inches) he can no longer splash around and looks very uncomfortable. I would imagine when he masters sitting the tub will work okay again, but by then we can just use the big tub. It will help when traveling though. So to conclude it works, but I think there are better buys out there.
We got it for the price and unfortunately, we paid the price! It does not fit most tables and it's a huge pain to put on and off! We regret it! We bought a fisherprice booster with a tray and love it! Don't waste your money!
After reading the glowing reviews here and receiving a positive one from a friend, we decided to replace a broken Diaper Genie (lid broke off) with the Champ.  What a disappointment!  Here are the big two complaints:1.  It's unsanitary.  Putting diapers and messy wipes into the slot and dumping them in the bucket leaves the slot a germy mess.  Having to clean the slot each and every time is just unrealistic and too much work!  And I fear our toddler getting anywhere near the thing because of the germs.2.  The smell.  It's probably not as bad with an infant, but let me tell you, opening the lid to empty toddler diapers is one frightening experience!  Yikes, what a smell after just a couple days.  We used the odor prevention garbage bags, but nothing prepared me for that odor when I opened the lid.  Since nothing seals off the individual diapers, it's just a sea of messy diapers in there.  Yuck.On the plus side, it's wonderful to be able to use regular garbage bags, not the expensive ones the Genie requires.  And it's certainly easy to use.  But I'm not sure how this product is any better than just using a garbage can with a lid.When our second child arrives next year, we'll be going back to the Diaper Genie.  It's not perfect, but it's much cleaner and there's less odor involved (the reason to get one of these products in the first place).  And the new version of the Genie is much easier to operate than the earlier model, so we'll just cross our fingers the lid stays attached next time.
My son is breast fed, but we have given him an occasional bottle. He refused these. I got them because of all the great things I heard about them. I thought it would be easier for him to switch back and forth. No chance. He hates them. He hate the Playtex disposables too. He now takes Gerber bottles, traditional and New Traditions.
All it does is push my 3.5 yo son's head forward.  We have to put the neck pillow towards the front and try to prop our son's head on it while he sleeps, but then have it fall when he moves his head.  Not worth it.
It was not match my bed. they don't explain about bed's conditions.So I don't ues, just in storage my home.
My son loved these but they were ruined after one cleaning in the dishwasher, kroger brand is much better.
I think it's too hard for plastic bottles.  I was afraid it would make scars on bottles so stopped using it...
I can't help but agree with other reviewers who call this item out for what it is...pure price gouging by Arm's Reach.  Leg extenders should absolutely 100% be included with this product, not sold separately (especially for a price of $20+).  I'll also be buying a more reasonable, sturdy alternative.Also misleading is the fact that co-sleeper instructions (I have the "mini" model) state that the unit as packaged is adjustable for beds up to 24" in height.  This really only means that the top of the co-sleeper frame is 24" high, NOT the mattress platform.  Be aware of this when purchasing.  If your bed is higher than 23-24" and you want your baby sleeping at the same level as you...you'll need to buy extensions, whether you choose to purchase from Arm's Reach or not.
Maybe it is incredibly soothing to teething babies...I don't know. I was talked into spending a ridiculous amount of money for what looks and sounds like a dog toy. I wouldn't have even minded the price if it was something that my baby just couldn't resist. Unfortunately, no matter how much I encouraged her to play with this thing, she just wasn't interested in the least. She would much rather chew on my silicone cell phone cover. Maybe that's not the most constructive thing for her to chew on, but it has definitely provided her more relief and entertainment than Sophie ever has.
