I used it for a few days  and I felt very safe but as soon as I washed the stove the 3m stickies came off. I was very disappointed. Thinking of getting more stickies to try it out again.
I know the point is to make it hard for the little ones to reach the outlets, but once these are installed there is NO getting them off without destroying the darn thing! We had to use pliers to wrench this thing out of the outlet, and by the time it came free, it was completely destroyed. We tried multiple ones from the box and they are all the same (we had hoped that the first two were just defective). BEWARE! We almost broke the outlet trying to get these little buggers off.
There is no seatbelt for this booster seat. Becareful, if you child doesn't listen to instruction and move around, he /she may fallI would prefer this one.it has a seatbelt and is much much safer in my view.http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B005ZBHXP4/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B005ZBHXP4&linkCode;=as2&tag;=travguid0ca-20
We first bought the elite and we love it. Thinking a second on another floor in the house would be a good idea, we grabbed this product. The differences, for 10$, are pronounced.The first two differences are quite cosmetic: the genie is a few inches shorter and it does not have a foot pedal. I didn't think this would be a huge issue. Boy was I wrong. This product forces you push the diapers through the opening. Now this doesn't sound bad until you realize that the mechanism used to keep the smell in is very stiff and requires some pressure. This really isn't the most hygienic method of diaper disposal. In fact in really messy diaper and you'll most likely want to shift the bag down some.The rest of the product is ok. Its quite easy to remove the diapers from the product. The razor to cut the bags is fine. The bag replacement system is well designed and easy to replace. However the fact you need to push the diaper through the pail's opening makes this product near worthless.
nice product but just as easy to buy the generic store brand at a cheaper price.
Got this for our first child (read: bought into the idea of buying the whole BabyBjorn potty training line to match).  It's only 6 inches tall so it's your basic step stool.  Obviously the product description already says that so that wasn't a suprise.  However, my son is 20 months, 95 percentile for height.  When the faucet in the bathroom is on full-blast, this stool only allows him to get the tips of his fingers wet so I still have to pick him up to wash his hands.  This doesn't allow him to get on the "adult" toilet by himself nor can his feet touch when he's sitting on the adult toilet (which: (a) is bad for assisting him w/ #2 since it's better for him to plant his feet and "brace himself" rather than dangling his legs; and (b) this requires me to hold him still while he's sitting on the potty so he doesn't fall backwards or forwards).If you want a basic step stool there are cheaper ones out there that are just as good.If you have a young child, this isn't the best option.  Try a 2-step stool, such as the rubbermaid version, instead.  For kids 4 and over this is probably fine, my nephew is close to 4 and this would probably work for him.
Too hard to take off canvas chair to clean. Really annoying and pricey.Also you have to take the whole thing off to put a place mat down (babys are messy!)Food would get stuck under the arm handles. Ridiculous.I bought Fisher-Price Healthy Care Booster Seat to use at my house. It isn't as nice looking but it is so much better.Easy to clean and has a tray.http://www.amazon.com/Fisher-Price-Healthy-Booster-Yellow-Orange/dp/B000WU3DVG/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1303585632&sr;=8-4
This little mat has rubber stoppers on the bottom to hold it down. The only problem is that the little stoppers don't work.
I received this as a shower gift. I squeezed this foam bathing pad out after every bath and hung it to air dry each time, using it once a week for my newborn. It was so disappointing when it started to stink of mildew after only four baths! I purchased a Boon Naked Collapsible Baby Tub to replace it and highly recommend everyone purchase that instead! Worth the extra cost!
While I would love to give this more starts, mine broke less than a month after I purchased it.  The sounds though are quite soothing to a baby but the durablity is questionable.
I got this based on the fact that everyone seems to have a BabyBjorn. It is useful for the first few months since it's easy to use and provides head support. However, I abandoned it as she got older since the weight of the baby rests entirely on the shoulder muscles making it painful after a short time of walking. The lumbar support doesn't really do anything since the weight stays on your shoulders anyway. Definitely not worth spending the extra for it. I have since purchased a different baby carrier that distributes weight mainly to the hips. This was really useful for travelling as I can walk around for hours with her on and not feel anything other than sore feet from walking.
i've had this for a year. the first time i put it on our faucet, i noticed it wasn't going to stay on well.  it's very, very loose, & just knocking with my arm in passing it will cause it to fall off.  we liked the fact that it made the water flow out farther after from the faucet, but that's about the only positive aspect.  the bubble bath chamber is a nice idea, but you have to fill it every time & wash it after every use, & keep your finger on the little button the whole time.  (because the cover fits so loosely on our faucet, our son couldn't press the button himself, or it would fall off.)  it's much easier to simply pour the bubble bath into the running water.  Also(!), I wash our sons' tub fairly often (about once a week), & noticed that this cover started to develop mold RAPIDLY. (like within the first month).  It became black between the top & bottom sections & I couldn't get it clean.  I used a toothbrush, soaked it in vinegar, & eventually even tried bleach.  Nothing worked.  All in all, a total waste of money.
I thought this would be great for my teething baby, but the vibration freaks him out.  He wants nothing to do with it.  =(  It might be a wonderful product for other babies, though!  It appears to be well-made.
I feel like I've tried 10 different types of sippy cups so far, and these ones are the worst! While I appreciate that the sippy cup doesn't spill, it is also impossible to drink from!  After seeing my son get frustrated when he tried to drink, my husband and I both tried it.  No matter how hard I sucked on it, i could not get out more than a dribble. The only way to get them to work was to cut a hole in it, which then made it not spill proof.  Do not buy.
I purchased these bags when I returned to work and began pumping more often.  What a waste!!  The twist tie design is both clumsy and ineffective.  You can never tie them tight enough and spills are frequent.  In additon to this, the cost is ridiculous.  The Gerber bags with the zip lock design are much more economical and are leak proof.  They can be found at most retail stores including Target and Walmart. These bags do not measure up to the Medela name and they should consider a new design. Returning to work and continuing to nurse your baby is hard enough without the hassle of these bags.
Well the fact that it is a leash was really not the problem, cause I mean when you buy it, you already know that! LOLMy daughter would have more tantrums wearing it than not. Every time I would put it on her, she would scream and beg me not to put it on. It was really heartbreaking. On the plus side, this item really taught my daughter to walk next to me and listen to me LOLWe used it a couple of time and put it aside. She really hated it and I felt that it caused more tention than it is worth.
I've heard so many rave reviews that when I lost my Purely Yours, I got this one (my son was not nursing so often by then). I was disappointed. My hand hurt from having to squeeze the pump. I guess I should expect that, given that it's a handheld manual pump. Well, I didn't think it would be that tiring. Both my hands were tied up when pumping both sides. The suction was too much. It would release, so I had to let air in every so often so my nipples wouldn't get sucked into the bottle! Well, it wasn't that bad, but it really wouldn't release. The output wasn't what I'd like, either. Maybe I'm just used to the electric variety. This pump would be okay for light pumping but not for working moms.
I don't know if it works. It is still in it's plastic wrap. The reason I am writing a review is because I did not have to use it. I used a hand blender all the time when I had to puree food. When she was old enough to eat regular food, she didn't want pureed food any more. Just about everyone has a blender or food processor. Spend your money on something like more ice cube trays (to freeze your baby food) and pyrex containers (to store and heat up your babies food).
I love the concept and look of the Sleep Sheep, but there are a couple of features that I don't care for. Firstly, the sheep is on a 25 or 45 minute timer (which may work for some kids) but I really need something that runs all night. My baby wakes up as soon as it goes off. Plus, the only sound that is continuous (like a whooshing, and the only I can stand listening to since he sleeps in our room) is the rain setting. (Mother's heartbeat is just creepy... not conceptually, just this particular version) The other sounds are obnoxious and distracting- especially the whales, though my husband likes them. I guess I should have just used my current alarm clock on rain setting all night. Lastly, it needs to be much louder! All that said, I do use it- and could see other families having no problems. At $30 or whatever, it is worth the "gamble."
I thought this diaper pail was a great idea. It ended up being more of a headache than it was worth.You can use your own air freshening items in addition to the ones specifically for this item, but it didn't seem to matter what I used, it still would stink! After a few months of using this pail, it didn't matter how often I emptied the diapers, it would still stink. I took the pail outside to "air out" for a few days, and even empty and having been cleaned it still smells like dirty diapers, so it must absorb the odors (I always used a bag, too!)Sometimes the diapers would stink so bad I could smell them before I even entered my child's room. Since not using this can, I haven't noticed hardly any smells, even though I am now placing the diapers in an open can. I just empty it every day or every other day and we haven't had any problems with smell.Pros:-You can use regular trash bags-You can use your own air freshening productsCons:-Air freshener holder tends to fall out and you have to fish it out of the dirty diapers... eww!-Pail seems to absorb odors-Hold a LOT of diapers, so you either change it often and waste bags, or change it when it's full, by which time the diapers have been sitting for nearly a week and are super-stinky
Many kids have been able to remove safety devices in less than 30 seconds.  It takes less than 5 minutes for a parent to leave the room to get something and return to find their child hanging from the cords...DEAD!!!  It is safer to spend the money and go CORDLESS!!!  But if you must keep your corded blinds, get the Fashion Wand (approved by PFWBS).  Go to Parents for Window Blind Safety (PFWBS) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.  Watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.  And then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogether.
This item is not intended for the normal size pack and play. I didn't realize this when I bought it. Thankfully amazon had great customer service.
The locks themselves are fine...it's the hardware that sucks.  The screws provided either stripped or the heads broke off.  Every. Single. One.  I luckily had a bunch of similar screws that I used instead.To be clear, I used an 18V drill on &#34;1&#34; setting to just get the screws started and finished with a hand screwdriver to avoid the above problem...no luck.  I even started by drilling pilot holes...the moment you put any torque on the screw head, it snapped.When I used other screws, the locks snugged up tightly and worked as they should, so up to you, but I like using products that don't require you to purchase additional hardware to make them work.
We received this as a shower gift and have tried over the last 4 months to get our son to use it.  The mirror is the only part he seems interested in and it only entertains him for a few minutes.  Colors are way to dull.  Wish we would have done a little more research before registering for this.
This lock does NOT work on frameless drawers as stated in the website description.  Their example shows a drawer with about 4 inches of clearance on the side.  If a frameless drawer has that depth it can use a standard latch.  This lock does NOT work on frameless cabinets as stated in the website description.  These are VERY large latches compared to the rest on the market.
Too small.  It felt worthless for what I wanted.  I ended up buying a 12&#34; 7.5&#34; tall wedge with memory foam that is a lifesaver!
Yes, totally adorable, fits nicely in regular sized tub, my daughter loved it. Our first one lasted approximately 3 months before it sprung several air leaks and we had to refill it with air daily. We were very careful with it, so the leaks seem to come from weak seams. We figured we simply had a lemon, and bought a second one. That one also lasted about 3 months, same air leaks. Now they are going to sit in a landfill, which doesn't sit right with us. The second star is only because my daughter was so smitten with the design.I would rather pay much more for something better made. We recently bought a collapsible Karibu tub - yes, more expensive, but MUCH more durable and small space friendly.Karibu Folding Bath - Blue
This product, IMO, is a waste of money.  I bought this when my baby was ~1 month old and VERY colicky.  I found myself horrified that newborns are not nearly as easy and fun to care for as I in my delusional first-time pregnant state imagined them to be, and equally horrified that COLIC does not neccasarily have anything to do with gas, does not always respond to gas drops, and sits back and laughs at the suggestions in "Happiest Baby on the Block" (another great bit of bunk for first time parents)My baby wanted to be held and nursed all the time and if he wasn't being held or nursed during the day, he cried.  I thought this was a problem that needed a solution.  Turns out that's just how some babies are.When I got this, it didn't come with the "silky" - but I am laughing at the idea of it.  You don't need to BUY something special for your child to have your scent near him.  And I am not convinced that this current practice of selling new parents something with which to give their baby a bit bit of the parents' scent has any basis in fact.  I just can't wrap my head around its being useful.  Your baby loves your scent because he loves YOU.  He's not stupid enough to think a scrap of material that kind of smells like you is the same thing.Anyway...  the heartbeat function of this bear was useless.  I tried really, really hard at first to make myself think it was doing SOMETHING.  The first time I used it, I had it out of the bear, had the baby in the Bjorn on my chest, facing me...  strapped the heartbeat box to the Bjorn, danced around with the baby, he fell asleep...  it was working!!!  I thought.  But I really don't think it was.  I think my baby was just happy to be near me because I was never able to repeat the experiment - and believe me, I tried.  I attached to ti his car seat.  To his stroller.  To the Bjorn again.  Put it in the bear and next to him in his cradle.  Never made a difference.  He was fussy or not, depending on his whims and nothing else.I give this item two stars because at least the bear is adorable.  Very cute, very soft, very squishy (if you take the hard plastic heartbeat box out).  At 19 months my baby has JUST started to get attached to stuffed toys and he really likes the bear.  He has a duck, a baby doll, and this bear that he likes to have in his crib.  But given that all this item has ended up being useful for is a stuffed animal, I don't think it's worth it.This is just another product preying on the insecuritues and pocket books of new parents.  Caring for a newborn is HARD.  If you are reading this and thinking there is some nifty modern gadget that will make it a breeze, WAKE UP.  Do not spend your money.  Your baby wants to be nursed and cuddled and held and rocked and talked to and sung to.  Your baby wants YOU.  It is not easy.  At times it will seem like sheer hell.  But that's the way it goes.  It passes.  Save your money, give your baby the gift of yourself, and someday, with or without modern gadgets, you will look back on these days and actually...  sort of...  miss them.
......all I can say is the smell is horrible.....1 star..... Please don't buy this one!
We've owned 7 of these bibs (this one included). It started to grow mildew very quickly. We've replaced it with another print of super bib, the dr seuss ones. Those have lasted months longer in perfect shape with no stains or growths.
I really wanted to like this set of pacifiers bought offline (they weren't cheap!!!), but they are the only model of pacifier we have that leave indentation marks around our daughter's mouth. I guess it's the harder plastic and design. :( We use these as our "last resort" ones, when all the other pacifiers are either lost or being washed. I'm sort of shocked by the positive reviews and recommend trying out other brands which are sooooo much softer on the mouth and skin!
I bought this because it looked like a more comfortable version of the tub sponge that my mom recommended.  It does elevate the baby more than the yellow sponge, but I had a few things I didn't like about it.  First, it is very hard to lift to wring out after the bath.  The water it soaks up makes it very heavy.  Second, if you don't have all of the water wrung out of it, and don't completely submerge it into the warm water at the next bath, when the baby lays on it some of the cold water comes out and makes the baby cold.  For the longest time I couldn't figure out why my son screamed every time I laid him on the Safer Bather, and then one day I felt the cold water coming up out of it as I was bathing him.  I switched to the Sure Comfort newborn to toddler tub and he likes it so much better.  He prefers to be IN the warm water rather than on top of it.
We used Avent bottles for several weeks, but our baby was spitting up _all the time_, seemed like she was choking during feedings, and had gas all the time.  We switched to the Playtex VentAire bottles when she was 6 weeks old, and problem solved! No more crying from gas, she hardly ever spits up anymore, and she has a much easier time at feedings.  The flow is slower and it really does cut down on the amount of air she takes in during feedings.  So, I highly recommend trying something other than the Avent bottles for small infants.  Maybe later, when our baby is a bit older we'll pull out the Avent bottles again, but for now, we aren't using anything except Playtex VentAire.
We ordered this item to keep track of our toddler how now refused to be carried or put in the stroller. We took it out of the package and adjusted it to fit our toddler. We held the wrist strap and it immediately broke--even before he or the parent started moving. It appears that the handle portion of the item (that the parent holds) had been improperly sewn. As a result, that loop was not secured. We contacted Amazon and the offered us a refund, which we gladly took. We will not be purchasing this item again.
I researched beyond belief and found a really good deal on this pillow. I was SO excited to get it...until I tried it. There's no space in it, you're stuck in this pillow cocoon, which I thought was going to be a positive as I wanted front and back support. I'm a back/stomach sleeper so finding a spot for my arm without cutting off circulation seemed impossible. The cover was scratchy. The pillow was firm with no softness/squishy ness for comfort. There was no room in the bed for my husband so I tried it on the couch (trying to avoid a return) but it didn't fit. I've never hated a product more. It was returned immediately. I used 2pillows instead and they were much more comfortable!
I purchased the Floppy Seat at Babies R Us because I knew that I really wanted something to cover those "cootie infested" carts now that my son is old enough to sit up.  I recieved a Shop & Play cart cover for a shower gift, but it is more for entertainment than protection from germs. I didn't do much research or compare different types of cart covers before making this purchase because I didn't think there could really be that much difference in cart covers.  As long as it was one that covered the entire seat, I figured it would be better than the Shop & Play. When I got home w/ the Floppy Seat I got it out to see how it looked & worked.  GOOD GRIEF, it was a WRESTLING MATCH just to get it pulled out of itself where it could be used, (it stuffs inside itself & makes a bag for carrying) & trying to stuff it all back in was EVEN HARDER to do. I was just sitting at home on the couch, so I could tell it would be IMPOSSIBLE to do w/ one hand while holding a baby! I guess it would work it you get the cart in the parking lot & put the Floppy Seat on before you get your baby out of the car, but if you tried to actually carry your baby into the store & then put on the Floppy Seat while holding your little one it would never work.  I plan on returning the Floppy Seat.  I'm not even going to waste my time and energy trying it on a cart.  Trust me it would be next to impossible to use w/ out dropping your child.  After reading online reviews I plan on purchasing the Buggy Bagg.  I wish I had done more research BEFORE buying the Floppy Seat.  Yes, the Buggy Bagg is more expensive, but I can tell it will be worth the money if it means not dropping my baby on his head while trying to install the Floppy Seat.  I gave this 2 stars because, in all fairness, I never actually tried it on a cart & I figure it would be better than no cover at all.  All in all, I'd say the Floppy Seat is a "flop".
These pads don't stay put--I'm constantly having to re-position them throughout the day. They also are very flat and too stiff, so they're uncomfortable and show through a shirt. If they were softer and more flexible I think they'd work fine because they seem pretty absorbent, but they still slide around in a nursing bra too much. I guess it's back to the disposable nursing pads for me!
Invest in better quality wipes rather than this wipe warmer.  Wipes cool off before you can get them out and put into use. Sponge drys out too quickly and can pose a hazard. We ended up having to rewet ours almost every day. Not worth the hassle. Baby will adjust to wipes from the box in no time.
This pump is terrible. First of all it is loud. Second of all it is not at all powerful. It will NOT empty your breast. I pumped & pumped & pumped & hardly got any milk.  The more I pumped the less milk I got out. I was losing my milk supply fast!!!!!! I called my lactation consultant & she had me pumping every 15 minutes to regain my milk supply. That didn't work this motor is not powerful enough. I ended up having so much milk left in my breasts they got painfuly engorged & then resulted in getting Mastitis. I eventually had to rent a hospital grade breast pump that worked. Don't waste your money on this pump. It looks great but I can't say anything else positive about it.  I gave it one star because that is the lowest you can give. I really give it zero stars. It is very expensive. I suggest renting a hospital grade pump. It is much cheaper & will definately work.
These are a brilliant concept but a poor execution. I bought these for my teething 5 month old, and threw in some banana pieces. Bad idea. These things are impossible to clean, food gets stuck everywhere. I tried cold mango too, same results- 3 times through the dishwasher, soaking and scrubbing cannot remove all the food bits. And I'm not super paranoid about germs, but that just seems unsanitary. Another brand recommended cleaning with warm water, vinegar, and alka seltzer, so I'll be trying that- but in the meantime, will NOT be putting fresh fruit in these.That being said, I do make and freeze my own baby food, and a cube of that is messy but provides neater cleanup of the product, so it's not a total loss.Will I buy these for my next baby? God no. Not untill the design is revamped and I don't have to spend hours picking little banana bits out of the seams.
This is the most awful, pregnant unfriendly pillow.  DO NOT buy it.  It is too thick and too firm.  When I'm on my side, I can hardly get my arm around the pillow because of the thickness and then the firmness prevents you from squeezing it enough so your arm fits around it.  The way it is designed, my head does not lay at the correct angle and it's uncomfortable.  I've tested it out for three days and have not slept very much at all....it's been more of a nap than sleep.  I slept better with just a regular pillow. Every day I wake up in so much pain---pain in my neck, arms and hips.  I have to toss and turn to get comfortable.  Then the thing is so big you cannot roll over it.  Umm...I'm pregnant and I have to be able to roll out of bed, but it's quite difficult with this large pillow in the way.  I would recommend that you look at these at the store where you can touch it and see the thickness before buying. And then make sure you buy another brand because even if this one seems nice and acceptable...it is not!  Also, it only comes with a white cover...they do not make any other colors for this model.  And it is very difficult to remove.  And you cannot return it unless it is unopened.  Great!  keep that in mind.
They are a great product if your child takes to the trainer set, other wise, inquisitive children get distracted by them, specially because of the color choices instead of making them clear or white.
This mattress was inexpensive and worked well for our first baby who was born in Oct of 2009. It fit perfectly into the DaVinci crib we had and I loved the waterproof cover.Our son only slept in his crib from the age of 6 months until he was 28 months and the mattress cannot be used for our second baby. It sags terribly and is no longer firm enough to be used safely with an infant.Very disappointing.
These bottles were a gift at our baby shower.  I am glad I didn't spend the money on them because the instructions warn not to use them in an electric bottle warmer.  We all know you aren't supposed to microwave bottles either, so you are left with the only other option, placing the bottle in boiling water to warm.  That works fine except when you tip the bottle up to feed the baby, the boiling hot water that has been trapped in the vent holes drips down your hand/arm, and potentially onto the baby!  Now I have to remember every time to make sure I get a towel and shake the bottle a little to make sure all the vent holes are emptied out before feeding our baby.  USE CAUTION
So i recognize that the seller is saying the colors vary, however I did not think they would vary by gender specific.I received a purple and pink cup when I have a son.needless to say... take the risk if you have boys and girls that could either use the cups!
This product is horrible.  When we first plugged it in it worked ok.  Within hours we were getting horrible static.  We tried all different places in our house to plug it in and it didn't get any better.  We finally found two places where the static isn't THAT bad and we now leave the monitors there, plugged in and turned on ALL the time!  One night, when the baby was fussing and my husband was trying to get some sleep, I turned of the monitor in the babies room and we found out that the recievers will then pick up a country radio station!  Maybe that's the cause of the static.  Horrible product.  Do not waste your money unless you like to be disappointed or if you like to return products to the stores!
This was a bit of a pain to fill, but the real issue was that it broke after a few days.  There was a hole somewhere in the outer lining, so it didn't hold the air.  Too bad, becaue it's a cool concept.
Bought this in my third trimester, if you turn a lot during in your sleep, this is not a pillow for you. Because every time you change the position, you have to move the pillow the other way, oh my specially when you are already barely moving yourself, pillow is more like being hassle than making you comfortable.
I really should've read the reviews on this, but I didn't see how I could go wrong. It's described very well and the pictures really sell it. I think I may have gotten one of the defective ones because the arms that I got did not look like the arms in the instruction booklet. There was not sufficient space and they were too close together in length. Once I put it together, there was no way to fit it onto my table without possibly breaking it or the table. It stuck at a ridiculouly high angle and would not go any further. I hope I have better luck with the next brand I try because I hate the 5' tall rolling highchair that we got as a present. For now, I am content with the bumbo. Amazon is going to take it back as defective and refund me the shipping.
Wasn't impressed with the avent washable nursing pads for the following reasons:- material is non-absorbant- material is not as soft as other options available- pads stick to nipples- lace on the outside can be seen through bra/nursing tank- small circle creates a strange raised bump seen from outside
These are impossible to clean.  I gave them to my baby with banana and after soaking it for days and multiple wash attempts, there is still food in it.  Its a great product in theory, but the mesh just doesn't work.  We ended up throwing the one away and just using the other one for ice chips for sore gums.
The kneeling stool is great.  The padding is sufficient and I love that it flips over to convert to a stool...Very useful!  BUT...the elbow pad is a joke!  There is a hard plastic honey comb underneath it and hard plastic surrounding it that force you to put your elbows into two tiny areas or risk severe pain from the plastic.  Not to mention that to two measley suction cups that are suppose to hold it onto the side of the tub do not work at all.  It constantly pops off the tub whenever I put any weight on it.  I don't regret my purchase because of the stool which works really great. I suggest that if you still want this product after reading the reviews, you try to find it used so that you don't have to pay retail.
I had this pump with my first baby born 2 years ago. I thought that it would be a better deal than Avent and boy was I wrong. I got it home and cleaned it and started using it and it made my already sore breasts hurt even more (cracking and bleeding) and made my problems even worse. The first time I used it came apart during use. And the 5 times I used it after that too. I called customer service and the lady was extremely rude to me, interupting me while I was trying to explain my problem to her and all she did was explain how to put it back together. I took it to my lactation consultant and she said that she hates that brand/model and that she had 5 other mothers have the same complaints about it. The store I bought it from has since stopped stocking this model. Yeah it has a design similar to Avent but trust me there is a reason why this product only costs $20 its junk. The breast funnel is hard plastic and very uncomfortable might as well use a kitchen funnel, This time I went with a hospital grade pump Playtex Embrace and I love it
I wrote an earlier review giving this warmer 5 stars because it heated the bottles so fast and the cooler portion made it easy to use anywhere in the house and travel. BUT I noticed that the ON/OFF switch SPARKED EVERY TIME you turned it off.Luckily, I had kept the box so I just exchanged it for another only to discover the second did the exact same thing! This is a HUGE FIRE HAZARD! I have contacted The First Years about this problem but so far have not rec'vd a reply. I even searched for information about Recalls on this warmer but found nothing. Maybe it was just a fluke that I purchased the two out there that did this - but if I were you I wouldnt take the chance that there are more with this problem, avoiding it altogether and buy a different brand!Initially I would have recommended this warmer but now I say DONT BUY IT! The on/off switch needs to re-designed before it is safe to use. (I wouldn't be surprized if this gets recalled!)
Okay, anyone that comes to my house will quickly see, I'm not a neat freak. Not in the slightest. These were so messy! I know, I know. It's kindda the deal, but I just didn't realize how big a mess it made. Plus, stinker just didn't get into it. He'd rather mash it into the floor than suck on it. Maybe he was too little? Dunno. But these are going in the trash. They just seem like a good place for germies to live. I couldn't really get them clean. Seemed like they always had a little old food living in them. Kindda like a old kitchen dish cloth. Bleh!
This was cracked in the back when we got it so we sent it back and got our money back.
I received this as a shower gift and at first really liked it. This works great for infant diapers but as far as toddler diapers go just throw the diapers in the trash. This works good for my daughters wet ones but if they are dirty I don't even put them in here anymore because they stink. When you open the lid to put a new diaper in, if you have already disposed of a dirty diaper you get the whiff of it. And you have to open up the container from the bottom to cut the bag for when you are going to dispose of the diapers and when you cut the bag the aroma of the diapers fills the air and the smell lingers for awhile :/ I think for my next child I'll have to search for a different diaper pail.
After feeding my first child store bought baby food I was on the hunt for a product that would soften my budget while being moderately easy to operate and clean. I went for this one because I didn't want to be making big batches of baby food at a time - way too busy for that- and wanted to be able to just pop in something from the table for my baby girl to eat. My first try was strawberries and while it seemed to work it really just pressed all the juices out of them and really did little to the berries other than press them and leave them under the plastic grate. I added some rice cereal to the juice and pressed on determine to make it work. My next try was some spinach pasta with sauce. I first tried it with the pasta just the way it was and all it did was twirl the pasta around the blades. Next, I tried cutting it into about one inch pieces and added a couple of the red peppers that were in the sauce (and very soft and well cooked). After pressing down with all my might while trying to spin it without snapping the arm off all I again got was very pressed food and little 'ground' food for my baby to eat. I pressed on with chopped and peeled apples, finely cut up into about pencil eraser size. I was rewarded with several spoonfuls of apple sauce but when I went to clean the device I found that about 80% of the apples I had put in had just been pressed, had the juice squeezed out and were still in the tube below the blades. NOT worth the trouble for a busy mom. May work okay if you steam and peel all fruits and veggies but I was looking for something to make my life easier, not create more work. I read so hopefully the reviews about this product grinding meat and just can't make it come anywhere close to producing an edible result. Busy moms beware!
My son was obsessed with toy story so these cups were a must for us!We have had them for 5 months. They do not leak, but the picture have totally worn off! I only handwash since we don't have a dishwasher so I am not sure if they were put in the dishwasher what would happen.Not worth the money.
I noticed that some gave this pump high ratings but over all this pump gets just 3 stars. Maybe some have had better luck with this than others but I noticed that more people stated that it didn't work well. I bought this pump and right away I had problems when I would be pumping it would fall apart. It made my breasts hurt like they have never hurt before with any other pump Ive used in the past. You get what you pay for if you are going back to work you might want to invest in an electric Breast pump, I bought the Playtex Embrace double breast pump and it works wonderfully.PS When I called TFY about my problems the lady just told me how to put it back together (that wasn't the problem) and got off the phone quickly with me. This went into the trash where it belongs
Great idea, it is a must have for newborns and especialy  for new moms who are nerveous with the first baths- as I was. I had this sponge and the frog shaped green sponge ( don't remember who's the manufator). Although this one is bigger - and that's an advantage, it got black disoloration (nothing spilled on it and it is not mold) after only a few times we used it. It didn't come off  in the wash and although it didn't smell or anything I didn't want to use something that looked "dirty" for my daughter's baths. It did not happen to the green sponge, which I would reccomend.
Although they have a good reputation, they definately have a drawback.  They are short and fat bottles, so you really have to lean your baby back to get all the liquid to the nipple.  Now that my son is holding his own bottle, we don't use them for that fact-it's just too hard for him to get his formula to the nipple, he gets too frustrated.  All in all I'd say buy a different bottle.
I tried this product instead of the more expensive options out there. I realized that comfort is worth the extra money. I tried it on for only a few minutes with my 28 pound son and my shoulders felt like they were going to fall off. Not enough shoulder support. I was so glad this happened in the first few moments and not after a hike. I immediately made plans to return this item (which is wonderfully easy with Amazon). Everything seemed to fit fine other than that, I am 5'5" tall, medium built woman in relatively good shape. Thank goodness for EBAY, I was able to get a used, better supporting pack for cheap. Maybe a lighter child would fare better in this pack.
Baby Bjorn was the pioneer for baby carriers 10 years ago but since then there has been an explosion in the market - slings, front carriers, pouches, etc.  The BEST, in my honest opinion, is the Ergo.  The baby sits with correct posture (The Bjorn is not so great for the baby's spine) and the parent is not in pain!  I can walk for hours with my 20 lb baby in the Ergo -- not so in the Bjorn.
The flaps are too rigid and hurt the fingers when pulling out. Wish they could have used a softer material. I did not give this to my son.
my kids love to brush with this tooth brush and like the tooth paste, however after less than a week the bristles are already flat and in a few more days the brush will be useless. this could be a great product (especially the handle fits really well in their hand) but alas it's useless
I love BB products, one could say i'm even a fan, but this item is of cheap quality, overpriced and not very practical. You are truly better served with a usual bib over the carrier side! It's made of very thin and sort of worn-out cloth, which stops as much drool as a sieve would. The bib itself sort of fits the carrier, but not really. The baby moves, the bib moves with her. You take the baby out of the carrier, the bib comes along. You end up constantly adjusting it and you better hope your baby doesn't start playing with it. It's also very expensive for the quality it provides, so i'm disappointed in my purchase.
With all the rave reviews and my love for Playtex VentAir bottles, I was very excited about this bottle. Yet, both me and my baby hated it. First off, the bottle itself is huge, which makes it uncomfortable in many ways. Second, even the slow flow nipple somehow seems too fast and makes my baby choke on his milk. In any case, we used it a couple of times and went right back to VentAir. I would not recommend it.
This item is useless. It does not keep fingers out and it also doesn't fit larger plugs. I do not recommend it to anyone.
I have no complain about the product...but the baby just do not like it...she takes any pacifier bu not this one... donno why..
(...)When your child outgrows the infant bath (between two and six months, depending on size and activeness), get a bigger baby bath. There are several models (though none via Amazon, that I see) that rock, including one we found that's inflatable - it holds thrice the water of the infant bath but still a small fraction of what's needed in the entire tub.Besides, you want the water to flow and be replaced for a baby, NOT have an infant or toddler sitting in a tub full of dirty and soapy water, which may contribute to genital and rectal problems.Related: With this seat, you either suspend the baby *above* the water or waste dozens of gallons getting the water line high enough to *reach* the baby. Either way, the baby's butt is inside a chair and difficult to reach or see, much less clean.Still not sure? Try wiping his or her buttcrack while they're in a high chair. You'll instantly realize that a chair such as this is *not* the best way to bath a child.
The tooth brush is very cute. My 2 year old want to brush his teeth with it. However, once he put in his mouth, he was disappointed. The brush hair is just way too hard. It hurts his little mouth, gums and teeth. The tooth paste is great.
I have some Ameda bottles from the pump but I couldn't find Ameda brand nipples. I bought nipples from different brands to see which one works best for my baby. This nipple creates too many bubbles and they dont go away. I stick with my wide neck bottles for feeding
Sure it's a cute little sheep - but it only makes white noise for a set period (max 45 mins if I recall correctly). When the noise stops, the baby would wake up.  Thus we spent 99 cents on a white noise track from itunes and run it in a continuous loop.  Much cheaper and effective.
I bought this because I heard so many great things about it. So I broke down and bought it for my 9 month old daughter. She hasn't touched it once. Don't waste the $$$ on one little toy. Lesson learned.
BabyHaven fulfilled this order, and instead of sending the one pictured, they sent the crappier, new Deluxe version, which everyone says does not contain odors.  Unfortunately for me, I ordered this before my baby came and had the box put away in the nursery.  I only discovered the mistake outside the 30 day return period.  Both Amazon and BabyHaven told me tough luck, even though they clearly sent the wrong item and had advertised the older model (which is what I wanted) falsely.  Very disappointed.If anyone wants to know about the version pictured, the older version, it's GREAT.  I ended up having to re-buy that one on Ebay.  Worth every penny, that one.  Baby Trend needs to get its act together and change the design back to the original.
Didnt fit my cabinets. I am so glad I only bought one to try to make sure it fit before buying for all my cabinets
These are just one of many cheap child safety products out there than may serve the intended purpose, but may be more trouble than they are worth to make work. It's not rocket science, but it's a total pain in the ass to get the cords lined up in the right direction, with an adequate length of cord, and to get it all wound up and snapped together. You think you finally got it, and then you pull the cord to adjust the blinds and the caps pop apart and now you've got a tangle of strings to untangle. Maybe 'm just missing the magic touch, but..I'm plenty happy rolling the cords into a ball and securing them with a hair clip. it's less work and plenty effective.
My 18-24 month old got fairly annoyed with this bath toy.  The hoop is just a net, so the balls don't come out of the bottom.  You have to reach back into the hoop to get the balls out.  When my son or I did this, the hoop came off the bathtub wall.  I specifically had a problem with the left suction cup not staying attached.  The right suction cup worked fine, so the hoop was always falling sideways.  Also, the balls have small holes in them and take in water.  I had a serious issue with mold collecting in the balls...and at bathtime, if you squeezed the balls, a ton of mold flakes come out.  Unless I cleaned them out before bath time, I really didn't want them in the tub.  I'd suggest going with another brand.
I bought this tub after reading all the great reviews, and was very disappointed. The newborn mesh helped somewhat to keep the baby above the water, although she seemed quite uncomfortable in it. Now, that we use it as a toddler tub, it is a nightmare. The "hump" that is supposed to keep the child from sliding down, is useless. She slides down. And last night she leaned forward, fell out of the tub, and the tub toppled on top of her. Will not be using it again.
This product is useless. After installed, I could still open the oven door with my pinky finger. The directions were also unclear and the picture doesn't match the product.
This brush is huge. The size is a positive because it cleans the whole surface of the bottle. However, when you pull it out of the bottle the bristles cause soap to splatter everywhere. The bristles are very rough so it does scratch the bottles.The nipple bristles are firm enough to clean well. I also like that the nipple brush is longer than the recent nipple brushes I have seen.  The suction does work well. One major negative about the nipple brush is the wire that it is made out of is rusting at the tip.I would not purchase again.
Doesn't fit our MamaDoo play yard mattress.  To bad, I really wanted something to keep our play yard mattress waterproof.
These were very popular with my 6 month old- less to play with in the bath or squirt water out of, and more to gnaw on. However, a few months into having them I noticed that the turtle's flippers looked darker than the rest of the body, and suspected mold. I cut it open and confirmed that I was right. I would be very careful about any toy that has a small hole in it that gets water inside (including rubber ducks!).
I have a 1 year old and she makes a mess with these cups! She takes handfuls of whatever is in the cup, pulls it out and dumps it on the floor! No thanks!
I thought this would keep my feet warm while nursing but when it arrived it felt cheap and it moved too much to be useful. Perhaps it works if you don't have a wood floor.
In actuality it measures 3 inches shorter in length than the package promises. (34 vs 37 inches long)Either it was bought, washed & shrunk, then returned & resold or the manufactures are selling defects.Others had this similar complaint and I should have listened and not wasted my time & money buying this!!!
This product is terrible. We bought it looking for a less-crazy, more modern-looking alternative to the noisy, pastel-printed alternatives. But there isn't really any part of this mobil that works. The cross bars are prone to breaking (we had to superglue them twice while setting it up). The cards are supposed to be interchangeable, but I spent 20 minutes trying to swap out a single card, only to give up and spend 20 minutes undoing what I did. Even if you leave the card alone, they don't really hang flat. And the attachment mechanism is worse than other mobiles that are in the same price range. Terrible!
I bought this for potty training my 2-year old daughter but she wouldn't use it.  However, all kids are different in their potty training likes/dislikes, so I'm only saying it didn't work for us.  She preferred using the seats that go on top of your normal toilet seat or the type of potty chairs that had a lid to close.  She liked the idea of closing the potty lid.
Yes they leak, I mean POUR milk from under the sealing ring.  Don't waste your money.  If you are crazy enough to buy them SAVE YOUR RECEIPT!
I wanted an easy to use travel seat.  This seat does not fold up as easily as I expected--you have to dismantle it and remove the arms in order to take the seat apart and get it to lay flat.  That's a step that I wasn't expecting.  On our first use, it would not attach securely to the table that we were at.  I could get it on the table, but the angle between the part that goes above and below the table did not allow for the seat to be pushed forward toward the table enough so that the seat was secure.  The seat might have been safe, but I didn't trust it, and in any case, there would have been a large gap between the baby and the table and I'm sure any food would have went straight into that gap onto baby's lap or the floor.I wish I would have spent a few dollars more and gotten the chicco seat that my friends have.  That seat works very well and folds flat with ease.  This seat was not a good purchase.
well. it's cute and all but my daughter is 2 1/2 and almost fully trained but the opening is a bit small causing a few accidents here and there.I wouldn't recommend it or buy another one of these.
This sheet is very thin and not a good quality material.  I do not think it is worth the price at all.  I made two sheets for less than the price I paid for this one.  It does fit the Travel Cribs perfectly.  It would be too small for the Pack N Play.
This seat is really too small for younger boys who are potty training and still need to sit for everything.  The hole is so small that its too easy for them to overshoot.  My son also doesn't like sitting on it, and much prefers the Baby Bjorn potty seat instead.  We are not going to return it, but I'm not sure we are going to get much use out of it.
I don't think we will be able to use any of these items. They al feel cheap.  The bulb syringe does not even work.
I had bought a pack of 3 Kushies wash clothes from a boutique a month or so ago, and absolutely loved them.  I thought these would be the same quality as the others I had bought.  Sadly they are not.  They roll and have a surged edge instead of a nice border like the others I had previously bought.  Don't buy these they are not the same.
I should have read the reviews  :(  REALLY need a choice of colors on this product so everyone doesn't end up with pink.  Lots of unhappy customers with boys.
I own quite a few reusable diapers but these were by far the worst ones I've ever purchased. They are bulky and stiff. I returned them immediately after opening the package. I understand the quality is there in terms of being 100% cotton but they could be redesigned so that they can actually fit under a piece of clothing.
I bought this for my 2nd baby, thinking it'd be easier than warming a cup of water to warm the bottle.  Nope.  I could never get the amount of water and time right.  I just went back to a cup of water and this thing is sitting in a box.
Ok for babies b/c they can just throw them around, but these are too hard to squeeze. I can barely squeeze them. I wouldn't have bought them if I had known we would not be able to squirt the water with them.
I ordered these because of the Playtex brand.  I originally used the Dropin bottles and love them.  These bottles are the absolute worse, they leak even when the little stoppers are dry.  It is so frustrating, I tried to make sure they are completely dry before I make a bottle and then she will start drinking and within a couple of minutes it will start leaking.  I told my daughter I will buy the Dollar Store dollars because they are better than these.  So don't waste your hard earn money on this crappy bottle, if you want the Playtex bottle stick with the original dropins.
the qaulity sounds good but the cover is sillier then ever, its easy to remove and also hard to stick in hand,used it for a cup to drink
It says this was the mattress I ordered (buy the Davinci crib, get this mattress with it free). However, I opened the package and aired it out in the garage without thinking. A couple months later when we were ready for the baby to sleep in it I looked and realized the mattress shown is NOT what we ordered. This one says 100% polyster. However, I got one that is 100% vinyl cover (which is being phased out due to being unsafe, leaching chemicals!)
The socks are not stretchy, hard to put on baby's feet.Rattle's sound is so discreet, I can hardly hear it.
Pretty color but material is cheap and not very soft. The slits for the securing straps are in an odd place.
My son hated it. He LOVES the Gerber Transition cup (7oz...not the other Gerber cup.) and he's okay w/ the Avent cup. They both have very soft pieces that go in his mouth and feel good...not rock hard! Most sippy cups are extremely hard to get anything out of, this is one of them. Skip it!
The suction cups are worthless.  When this arrived, I tried it one time and my son threw the entire meal on the floor within about half a minute.  I am mad at whoever designed this stupid thing, let alone decided it was worth $12 (including shipping!).  It is still, a week later, curled up (won't lay flat) and the suction cups don't stick to anything.  More of a toy than a placemat.  I am back to the disposable placemats with sticky stuff on the back.
I bought this at babies r us. It did not fit my rail. It says it fits most standard rails but doesn't give any measurements. How are you supposed to know if it will fit unless you purchase it? What a pain.
These covers were the only ones that I could find that would fit my changing pad (LA Baby 4-sided changing pad). They are made with poor materials, are too thin, stain, and both of mine snagged on my wedding ring every time I would pick up the baby, so there would end up being long strands of terry cloth hanging off of them everywhere. I cut one up and used it as a template to make my own changing pad covers out of old towels, that was the only good thing it did for me.
I worked in the church nursery for over 4 years with this toy in one of the toyboxes available to the children.  I never saw any of them properly engage with it.  They'd pull it out, bang it a couple of times (starting up 2 different sounds) and then get bored and crawl away.  It was the one toy I knew I'd never buy for my children.
This product doesn't get the job done. My son slid down it every night. I finally gave up. Also not matter how I placed the side things he always mannaged to roll onto his side. Once he got older ( 2 months) if he wasn't sliding down it, he was pushing himself up it. Then his head fell off of the top and got wedged in between this and the bumper! That is when I stopped using it.It's a great concept, just not practical.
I used this pump with my son who was breast feed for 7 months. It does not hold suction very well and when it did I found it ok strong. I got tears along my nipple that I didn't even get from my baby latching on. I took it on some over night trips when I didn't have my baby and it did not re-leave me at all I would pump 8 oz and still be in pain in certain spots.
We bought these for the leak proof feature.  Each cup has been used maybe 3 times, and they already leak.  Really??  I have some of The First Years Take n Toss cups that have no leak proof features, and these leak just as bad as the Take n Toss.  Waste of money.
You can turn up the volume to hear the baby, but you will be listening to a lot of static and won't be able to sleep at night.  We tried this monitor in 3 different areas of the US, and static everywhere.  Very poorly designed.  Do not buy it.
These covers come in adorable prints, but when it comes to functionality, I'm not impressed. As soon as these covers get wet, they stay wet, especially the white fabric around the edges and the flap of fabric that folds down on the inside top. As a result I have to change covers just about every time I change my babies diaper. Otherwise he gets a rash around his legs and tummy where the wet cover touches his skin. If I only used these covers I'd need about 6 a day! Luckly I switched to a different kind of cover (Rumparooz) that stay dry and can be used over and over many times before they need to be washed. Now I only need 2 or 3 covers for a whole week! Thirsties covers are pretty good too. Don't waste your money on these.
Everything by Fisher Price is craptastic.  This swing in no exception.Despite the cheap materials (plastic and polyester) we expected the motor to work.I tried the swing with an 8 pound weight and it worked weakly.  Ahen with a 16 pound weight and the swing barely budged.I phoned Fisher Price.  They told me if the product is in warranty, they can send a motor.  If not, I will have to pay $50 for one.I have combed through so many swing reviews on Amazon.  Crappy motors are very typical of Fisher Price.  Some people have gone through 3 or 4 motors in a year.How many of these throwaways end up in landfills every year?  Makes me think they make these lousy on purpose.  So you can never actually use a swing with more than one kid.This swing is crap and it is going back.Mamaroo here we come....
We bought this thinking wood was 'healthier' or 'safer' for baby. It comes with a plastic tray cover which we figured we didn't have to use, but unfortunately the paint is chipping and peeling and gets all over babies hands. So we started using the plastic cover, but the thing is so hard to get on and off it has almost ripped our nails off. Baby has been using this about 2 months now (she's 8 months) and already it is loose and the screws are coming out. The fabric is very nice but not very practical, there is no way to clean it without putting it in the wash. I can get over that in order to avoid plastic, but the other issues with the chair have made this a bad purchase for our family and we will be looking for something else.
I was breastfeeding my son when just a few days after birth the nurses gave him a bottle against my wishes. He never latched on again after that. I still wanted to feed him breast milk but naively thought I could buy just any pump. I didn't want to spend hundreds of dollars on a pump but I should have. This pump was terribly uncomfortable ( I can't compare with other pumps because I never used any others). I never had discomfort breastfeeding but this pump made me cringe every time I used it. The suction was poor and my milk supply actually decreased the longer I used this pump. If you're going to pump, spend the money on a good one.
Everyone told me I needed to get a sophie.  I refused to pay $20 for a teether, so finally my sister-in-law got us one.  That's when I learned it squeaked - which probably isn't the best thing if you own dogs - but not an deal breaker, since my son loved the squeak.  In fact that's the only reason he played/chewed it.Problem is  - the dog toys I have cost $.97 at walmart and this is a $20 toy - and the dog toys still squeak!!! This one stopped squeaking within 2 weeks of very gentle use (he wasn't full-on teething yet).  We didn't wash it - we didn't do anything aside from put it in a basket with other toys.  Somehow the small part inside that makes it squeak got dislodged & is now shaking around inside.My nanny has the same toy & she learned the hard way that you also cannot wash this toy.  She tried washing her 2nd one (her parents dogs ruined her first one...so she has now wasted $40 on teethers), water got inside the toy & that apparently ruins the squeaky function as well.For $20 I'd definitely expect better construction that would allow for washing & regular use - because without the squeak my son will chew this for maybe 10-20 seconds before moving on to something frozen or more interesting.  We own an absurd amount of teethers, probably over a dozen that we've bought ourselves and counting, and we've paid maybe $25 for all of those.  To pay almost that much for ONE that doesn't even keep is attention is just a complete waste of money.If you must own a sophie - buy the vanilla one with handles...we have that one (another gift) and he still chews it occasionally...so at least it's still getting use.
The idea behind this design is well intentioned but I find the design aggravating. Subconsciously I always go for the handle to move this thing, but the handle is connected to the removable bottle storage piece. There's no other way to pick this thing up unless you grab it by the warmer cup. It may seem trivial but I like to keep this thing out of the way (it's an eye sore) and I would have rather just the bottle warmer with no bottle storage chamber.Plus, the heating is inconsistent. No matter whether you put extra water or not, the bottles still don't get warm like they should. When we first got it (4 months ago) the milk would actually be too hot. That hasn't happened in a while.
I can't speak to the quality of these bibs since I won't be using them, but the drop down box on this order page is useless.  Regardless of which color option you select, you will be mailed the pink, girly bibs shown on the photo.
I bought this to add to some old panels and was glad they are compatible, as one panel did not get fully assembled.  The first customer service person was downright rude, but the second time I called, I was helped by a courteous woman who agreed to send a replacement panel as it was unclear which part(s) were missing.  I have yet to receive the new panel and that part is frustrating.  The product is well constructed and compatible with a set I had purchased for dogs years ago.  The mechanism used to separate is a tad tricky to do initially, but after a few tries we had success.
TERRIBLE! These pads make already sensitive nipples itch like crazy! And the pleats make them very bulky in your bra.  Plus, there is only one weak adhesive strip, so they slide all over the place. Bad bad bad.  The Lansinoh pads are the best, no question.
Through a series of unfortunate events, I've come to own six different manual breast pumps and two electric ones. My manuals include the Lansinoh, the Medela Harmony and two generations of Avent pumps.  This is how they compare (from worst to best):(1)Medela Harmony Manual Breast Pump. I own the Freestyle, so I thought that I would like the Medela brand manual. Not so. The valve system on this pump is a thin flip attached to hard plastic. It simply does not generate as much suction as the sturdier Lansinoh and Avent valves, and therefore it does not trigger let down as well or get as much milk. If this is the only pump you have, you might not realize it, because you will still get some milk, but when I compared it to my Avent, it was taking about five minutes longer and getting an ounce less per breast. I liked that you could switch out the breast cup to accommodate different nipple sizes, and assembly was slightly easier, but it does not have the "massage cushion" which makes it a little less comfortable. Of course, the lack of cushion also means that milk can't get stuck in teh cushion and leak like the other three pumps, so it's good and bad. But the bottom line is that I have supply problems, so I just couldn't settle for a pump that generated less milk. It's in the garbage now.(2)Avent Isis Manual Breast Pump(aka the Older Model Avent). These pumps are comfortable to use and generate a lot of milk, but the valve system is a small dime sized piece of plastic that pops out while pumping and easily gets lost. Fortunately, you can now buy replacement valves that are inch long pieces of sturdy, flexible plastic. Those are a must for Avent users.Philips AVENT Comfort Breast Pump Valves. Also, even though I like this pump, it is annoying that it collects milk in the cushion and spills easily. It shares this problem with the newer Comfort Avent, and the Lansinoh, but not the Medela, which does not have cushion.(3)Lansinoh Manual Breast Pump, 1-Count. This pump is cheaper than the Avent, and uses the same type of valve, so unlike the Medela, it is almost as effective as the Avent at getting milk. It also takes standard size bottles, including Medela, Even-flo, etc, which is an advantage if you don't already use Avent bottles. Still, I prefer the Avent for two reasons: first, the massage cushion on the Avent has "petal" air pockets that I like, and second, the Lansinoh takes much more effort to pump. My hand gets tired within five or ten minutes of using this pump, which is not a problem I've had with either the Medela or Avent pumps. I think it is because the diaphragm on the Lansinoh is much thicker. So, well, I can see certain advantages to this Lansinoh (cost, bottles), it's not my favorite.(4)Philips Avent Manual Comfort Breast Pump(aka the Newer Model Avent). These pumps are the best.  The most comfortable to use, the short neck can be placed right next to the breast. They also get the most milk without making my hand tired. The only disadvantages are that they are somewhat harder to assemble than the Medela and can't accommodate different nipple sizes, cost more than the Lansinoh and require special Avent shaped bottles (usually included). Still, the assembly difference is small, and I can learn to control milk spill. Comfort and milk matter most to me, so I enjoy this pump the most. If, heaven forbid, I need a seventh breast pump, I will buy another one of these.
This product is useless at determining a safe and comfortable temperature for my baby. While it works in the sense that it lets me know the water is not too hot, it only does so because it starts to change colors at the slightest increase in temperature, when the water is still far too cold for Baby. I am a person who doesn't like really hot water, either, so when even *I* think the water is too cold, then I think it's safe to blame the duck. Two stars because it can still be used as a simple bath toy.(Please note that the following comments did NOT affect my rating, as I feel they are more subjective.)  Personally, though, I am concerned about it strictly as a bath toy as well, due to the same product's performance under toy safety testing by HealthyStuff.com in 2007. Though the names of the items differ (the listed one is Safety Bath Ducky), they both perform the same function and look identical, so I think there has just been a slight change in branding. The product showed levels of chlorine, which can indicate PVC.I don't know if this version has chlorine or not, so that did NOT affect my star rating, but I did want other parents to be aware of potential issues with the Munchkin line if they are trying to avoid chlorine, etc.
Maybe this works for really light toddlers.  Our lil guy is 30 pounds and this seat bends so much you worry it will crack.  It does just flex, but because of its instability you don't feel comfortable using it.  Also with the flexing, since there isn't anything holding it in place on the toilet, it snaps off quite easily and falls in or off the toilet.
Love the company but this trainer does not fit a round toilet and seat. (We have a Toto with a Bemis seat.) This is not entirely clear in the product description, so I hope this review helps others avoid the hassle of ordering and returning.
This is probably the worst product I have ever bought.With two children 16 months apart, I knew I'd need an installed gate for our ground floor.  Based on the ratings in Consumer Reports and the reviews on this website, I eagerly purchased two of these to keep the kids in our living room.The instructions were very clear and I was looking forward to installing the gates.  I figured it would take time but if I followed all the steps, it should be simple.  Nothing could've been further from the truth.We used the templates provided by The First Years and they were of no use.  I ended up drilling and re-drilling in all four walls.  One wall we had to replaster and I will have to repaint when I have the time.We had to make TWO trips to Home Depot to get replacement screws.  The heads of the screws provided in the box continued to break whether we used a power screwdriver or tried to install them by hand.  Fortunately, we never had a problem with the Home Depot screws.Please, I beg you not to waste your money on this product.
I have now thrown all of these cups away because I am tired of cleaning up messes. 3 times the lids have fallen off of these cups and has soaked a child, my stroller or my house. I have enough to do without adding to the mess.
Excuse me,...but this product is so far from being odorless.  At first, it was (maybe a little less than a month), odorless then after that,...there was nothing to get rid of the scent.  I even bought some odor discs but they didn't work either.  The only convenient thing about this is that you can put whatever garbage bag you want in it and even then, the bag can hold many diapers.
I had this on our playpen mattress as was suggested in the reviews but I find it too bulky to put the sheet on as well. Would not get again. The mattress is easy to wipe down so no need for playpens.
I recently purchased the White Door Guardian Patio Door Lock and while it does it's job there are a few issue I have with it.1)  It's not white.  Its an off white and no where near the normal disigner white that a patio door is.2)  The Product Description states, "There is no drilling required , just run 2 screws into a keeper plate provided and then into the upper track."  I can tell you right now you will be doing soem drilling.  In fact it comes with a cutout to help with the drill locations.I figuired based off the decsiption that the keeper plate would need to be mounted in the upper track using screws but you also have to screw the lock system into the door itself.  It comes with 4 screws that need to be predrilled to mount itself to the door.3)  Shipping cost was too much for such a small product.  Only reason I went with it dispite the cost was the fact that I was mislead to believe there was no drilling required.In the end if you want a sliding door lock this will work but in my shoes I feel a little cheated.
I didn't like this at first because it had a very strong chemical odor when taking out of the box so I had to let it air out in the garage for a day before I could let my baby near it.  It didn't come with instructions and I can see how some people may not easily figure out how to fill it with water but once setup it was a big hit.Update:  6 months later the air portion has a leak and the water grew some sort of mold or algae, it was disgusting so I threw it away.  It was fun while it lasted but would not recommend this toy.
My baby got out of this just as easily as if I used a regular blanket. And NO, this is not easy to use. It is a pain in the butt. If you can't swaddle  with a normal blanket this will not help you. And the fabric is super cheap. Waste of money.
do not buy this potty chair simply for the "bells and whistles"  they never seem to work at the right time - or at all half of the time.  I would have liked to see it be a little deeper as far as size goes, my boys had a little trouble squeezing in when the protector was on.  The main thing that annoys me and maybe this only happens with boys, but it occasionally leaks underneath between the bowl and where it slides in.  I am guessing that since the boys urine comes out the front, rather than underneath, it leaks out in that space where the bowl slides out.  There are even times that my older son's pants got wet from resting at the front of the potty when he sat.  If I had to do it all again, I would opt for using the big potty from the start - cleaning those things out gets old fast too!
This very cute product is designed for only ONE style of bathtub spigot - the kind that has NO water diverter where the water flows out, and NO shower pull-up handle (look at the customer pictures to see the illustrations.) On top of that, this cover is too short for any of our spigots!One of our spigots has a diverter and when I tried this cover, the water sprays weakly from all sides of the mouth instead of flowing nicely towards the front.This cover won't slip onto our spigots that have a shower pull-up handle. If your spigot has a flat-top shower pull-up or it can be unscrewed, then perhaps you can make this work.AND it's too short! When the cover is on a spigot, the back of the cover won't meet the tile wall, which means it can't be caulked into place, which means it is easily bumped out of position, spewing water everywhere, or perhaps worse, falling off the spigot entirely. No good!This product should have been designed to accommodate more styles of spigots.
Just like everyone stated, I will state again...My baby kept sliding down on the soft sling and I would have to continuously keep moving my baby up so that the plastic bump wouldn't be on his back. I only put up with the tub because I received it as a baby shower gift and I live in Tahoe where there aren't many options for shopping. When my baby turned 5mons I took out the sling part and let him sit in the tub while I held him. He's now 6mons and can totally sit on his own. The tub color is the only nice feature about this tub. Look for something better. I hear IKEA has a whale tub that's fabulous.Fisher-Price what the hell where you thinking on this design? Thumbs down.
If I could give it 0 stars I would.  I was really excited about getting this swing for my baby shower.  My husband set it up and it was adorable.  We put our son in it for all of 10 seconds, took him out, packed it back up and returned it.  The speed of the swing is absurd.  The lowest setting was almost catapulting my newborn out of it.  I thought maybe the speeds were backward, so I put it on the last speed, and it was insanely fast.  When we returned it, my husband told the cashier at babies r us that Six Flags should buy the rights to this swing, and that it tried to kill our son.  He was a little dramatic, but this swing in my opinion is very dangerous and I wouldn't recommed it to anyone.  If you do buy it, good luck and I hope you have better luck than we did.
My son barely used this toy. Since we live in a small condo and this toy does not maneuver easily.Hard to turn around corners and hard to push on carpet.I got him a little shopping cart (which was half the price).It was light and he ran all around the house with it.http://www.amazon.com/CASDON-611-Toy-Shopping-Cart/dp/B000V5DHT0/ref=sr_1_4?ie=UTF8&qid;=1303583995&sr;=8-4And a mickey mouse ride on train which he mostly pushed around.http://www.amazon.com/Mickey-Mouse-34918-Plane-Ride-2dOn/dp/B000EX0DRSHe loved these other toys so much longer and used them more often.
I, like many others, bought this because of all the rave reviews and because it is rated the safest in regards to SIDS.  Our Baby will sleep anywhere but on this mattress.  If she is sleeping on the mattress, she will only sleep in 30 minute intervals.  And since she began sitting up on her own, and then pulling up, she does not fall back to sleep easily.  I would have returned the mattress but we got it a couple of months before I delivered, and she slept in a cradle for the first few months.  It looks brand new, because it basically is, and I still have the box.Now I'm stuck with a co-sleeper because I could not get her to successfully sleep in her crib, even when it was in the room with me.  We don't even use it for naps.
Being the excited new mom I opened this to get a feel for it and see how it would fit in our home and almost cut my finger sliding it open! I was shocked and then thought if I have not even used it and it does this I do not want! Plus if it did this to me then what about when I am washing my child. And I read all the instructions before attempting to play with it so I could do it correctly. Right back in the box and I drove back to the store the same day....got another brand....
I was really excited to use this item since my son was born in December but it was so diffuclt to figure out how it fits on to the car seat I just gave up and returned it.
This is so uncomfortable I can't use it. I end up in more pain. I like using my own pillow but I can't seem to with this. It's just awkward. It got such great reviews too but a regular cheap body pillow from target was way better than this.
It doesn't stick well to the tub, it's slippery, and it turned yellow from I assume the heat of the water?
this is the worst bath tub i've bought. i returned this item right away. it leaks. once i pulled it out to be longer but, no matter how much i struggled to put the extension back together, it just wouldn't click. when i pressed it to lock the extension, i couldn't tell whether it locked or not, so then i put water to test the lock system. the result was that my kitchen counter and floor were a mess.now, i bought the Euro bath. it does a good job.
I don't get it. The bag is huge. There's plenty of pockets and nooks/crannies. And yet, there's not enough room for even the minimal amount of baby stuff! I have a smaller bag that actually holds more! I think they way the pockets are situated makes less room. If it was just wide open in there like a backpack should be, it would be perfect! But once you fill up one pocket it makes no room in another. Glad I bought this one used on eBay because I would have wasted a lot of money if I bought it new.
This rocker is cute but does not support babys head from falling to the side. Not suitable for infant. My baby is 11lbs. When he sits in it his chin touches his chest and it looks uncomfortable. Im sure he will grow using it but not now...
Everyone loves this toy, babies see it when they come over and it's the first thing they grab. My daughter? She can't be bothered with it.
We got this backpack as a gift because we love to hike. Unfortunatley neither my husband or I could ever get it adjusted correctly for comfort. My son never seemed very comfortable in it either. We are 5' 7" and 5' 10" with average builds, so I assumed it would fit us. In addion to that, the frame makes it bulky and hard to bring places. It takes up almost as much room as a stroller in my car. This would be fine if it were comfortable, but it's just not. I was bummed because I would love to have a comfortable hiking pack, but this has been sitting in our garage taking up space. We took it hiking a few times and it kills our shoulders, the frame comes up really high around DS so he can barely see out and seems smooshed. I just purchased the Ergo and it is a million times more comfortable for a toddler. DS seems to love it, and I can wear it for much longer than this frame carrier. Plus it is cloth so it folds up small and can be brought along anywhere, even in the bottom of the stroller in case he wants to be held. I would pass on this product in favor of a better one or an Ergo for the same price.
This product is huge!! I have an Aprica stroller and this does NOT fit, therefore it was a waste of money for me. I guess it only fits on Joovy products, use caution when buying if you have a different brand
Thin fabric. Pain in the neck to keep in place. Have to reposition or replace every time you take the carrier off. Better just to use a burp cloth.
I bought this hoping it would help me organise all my baby diapering needs. Unless you have a changing station (or crib, wherever you want to hang it) that has slits or slots able to hold it - the velcro will NOT hold it well. And the "shelves" are a bit insecure. It's a great idea, but just didn't pan out.
I used this once when my baby was about a month old and the carrier was really tight under his armpits.  His arms were forced upward, looking like a bird trying to fly.  So I tried it again when he was 4 1/2 months.  Now the openings for his legs are not big enough (facing away from me...like the bigger babies are supposed to sit in it).  His legs looked like they were losing circulation, so I had to take him out.  This product was not thoughtfully made in my opinion.  Not to mention, the clasps that open and close so you can  put the child in are not easy to use.  I wish I'd bought something else.
This Bumbo Floor Seat is a great concept and provides good support in seating position for a growing baby. It is made of soft material which is very comfortable and easy to clean by simply wiping the surface. It is lightweight, portable, and an excellent choice for any baby.However, we found that it was too tight for 4 months old who is above average in size and weight.The biggest issue was to place his legs as the odd shape of foam from top makes it difficult to place his thighs inside the leg rests. Even though the foam is movable and soft, it becomes an issue in daily use when you are trying to hold him with one hand and fitting his legs with another. Check my images in customer images section.We preferredSummer Infant 3 Stage Super SeatoverBumbo Floor Seat, Blueas it provides a tray around the seat with toys to keep him engaged. He loves to hit those toys while seating as if he recently "discovered" his hands.Overall, I will not recommend this seat as you can get better products in less money which can provide you more bang for the buck.
This is the second time I've ordered "The First Years" cups and gotten a cheap knockoff "Learning Curve"!!!!  They are not the same!  The Learning Curve is not as well insulated, the pictures come off easily, and they leak horribly.  I returned this set because I kept the first set and was terribly dissapointed.  They need to CORRECT THE DESCRIPTION of this item!!!!
it was too big on my small frame and my son's head wasnt well supported. It was akward to put on and I couldnt see over it! I am not that small, 5'6" and 120lbs... I dont like it.. I ended up getting a Infantino Spft Carrier instead.
I bought this in hopes that I could avoid standing over a pot of boiling water in the middle of the night to heat my newborn's bottle.  She is impatient when it comes to waiting so I thought this little unit would do the trick.  NO SUCH LUCK.  The product review says it's stylish but who cares?  What we really need is functionality and usability and this warmer is neither.  It claims to heat up the bottle in 4 minutes but the milk is unevenly heated, the top of the bottle is cold and the base is scalding.  The milk then needs to be shaken to even out the temperature...a real time sucker when you're in a hurry to feed a wailing baby.  I tried to vary the amount of water I poured into the heating base but this didn't help.  I'm lucky I didn't throw away my trusty little pot since I'm back to warming up the old fashioned way on the stove.
I initially had the other Munchkin brand brush with the sponge tip.  The sponge tip on that wore and tore within a few weeks of use so I opted for this one instead.  After one night of using this brush, I ended up buying a two-pack of the other brush.  You're supposed to replace these brushes every 30-45 days, anyway, but I can't fathom bothering with this brush for even 29 more days.As all the negative reviews already stated, the bristles are extremely rigid, which in theory is great for tough scrubbing, but have fun jamming the giant head into standard bottle openings.  The best part is yanking it out with force and having soapy water spray all over the place.  Yes, you can point the bottle downward to avoid having it spray in your face, but there is still a mess and inconvenience factor.  I'm feeding newborn twins and have to wash 16+ bottles a day and Medela pump parts and the last thing I need is the inconvenience of a poorly-designed brush.  If you're washing fairly infrequently, this might not be a factor for you.  This thing seems better suited to scrub a toilet with.
When I received this wedge, I was surprised by hom flimsy it was and how small. Would not recommend using it in crib, since baby can easily roll off either side (It does not fill the with of the crib by far). It comes in two pieces, we ended up putting one in the stoller bassinet and one under the mat of our child's activity gym, and have to keep watching him while he is on it since he can roll off so easily. What did work for us was to elevate the crib mattress by just placing a few towels underneath, much better solution than this wedge.
I've had two of these and two Boppy brand pillows. These are about half the price, are firmer, thicker and sturdier.  I like that baby is boosted up a little bit higher and that the pillow doesn't go flat over the course of a year of breast feeding!****Update:  baby arrived three weeks ago and I was happy with my pillow until the first big spit up.  That's when I realized this pillow had no cover, unlike previous versions. Yucky.  Then,  last week, he seams began unravelling,  this is NOT the same quality pillow I purchased faux years ago for kid #1.  Can't return it since the window is expired but will be trying to call customer supports or Leachco.
I wanted to love this mat as an alternative to disposable mats in restaurants. It's so cool how it rolls up and stores in a small space.However when unrolled, it wants to curl right back up. Because it's fairly impossible to get the mat to lie flat, the suction cups won't actually stick to anything. Please note: I have pretty low expectations with suction cups in general. I don't expect magic and know I'll have to re-stick them throughout use. But this mat just doesn't stick to anything in the first place.
So, first off it's more gray than brown. Second, everything leaves a mark on it. I have to scrub it like crazy to clean it (you cant just wipe it) and even then it doesn't get 100% cleaned. The only reason I didn't give it one star is that it actually works as a booster. I'd choose either a different color or brand.
It's too bad I didn't know how impossible it would be to get the lids off before I had stored a week's worth of milk on these. Neither my husband or I could get the tops off... even using screwdrivers and various other tools to try to pry them off. The only one that came open was the one that dropped on the tile floor as I pulled it out of the freezer, of course, it only came open because the container cracked and the milk cube went flying across the kitchen floor... our dog loved his treat!
These folding seats are horrible! At first I thought it was the greatest thing until I found the actual greatest thing! While this does fold nice and small, the open front is a joke. My daughter sprayed out constantly on her clothing! Public toilets are open front too, so there was NOTHING to stop the pee. It was just a hassle having to change her clothes all the time. The only thing I could do to stop her from peeing out was to hold her legs straight out and lean her forward. Really? As if potty training wasn't difficult enough! There were also several times that it pinched her little hiney when she sat down because of the hinges in the middle of the seat! This made her afraid of it which we all know is a VERY BAD THING.I found a different potty which I actually bought to keep in the car. Now I use that one instead of this folding seat for my second child. The Kalencom Potette plus potty is WAY BETTER. It has no hinges on the seat so it never pinches, and it has a built in guard to keep them from peeing on their clothes. While it is slightly larger, I would much rather carry that one around since it is so much easier to use and comfy for my child. It comes with a bag that you can keep flushible wipes and training pants in as well. Get that one!
I don't really know if this thing works or not because my 8 mo old refuses to have anything to do with it. Keep in mind that she puts anything & everything in her mouth, will eat any food I try to feed her & is currently teething. It seems like a great idea for that short transition period between mush & solids. This particular one appealed to me because it's not dyed & it's made in the USA. As to whether or not it works? I will never know!
This mat isn't really big enough for the car seat we have. I'd rather have one that is wider and has a longer seat.  We have a Britax Advocate and part of the seat always seems to be on the car seat rather than the protection mat because of the size.
The fleece (polyester) that lines the inside comes off so easily. My little one had it all over her hands. I didn't want her to swallow it or inhale it so I sent it back. I use the Bundle Me Lite and that works great...no fuzzies that come off.
These are not nearly as good as the yellow ones. They leak every time. I use them with the Pura bottles and have used the yellow Avent spouts since the beginning but have been unable to find them so I finally just bought these thinking they would be just as good. They're not.
This product is a major piece of garbage. You will NEVER get your milk to the right temperature no matter how hard you try. It will either be cold or it will be scalding hot. Also it creates a smell that smells like burnt hair which is worrisome considering others who reviewed this product (at least 4 people) said that it catches on fire. We were using dr. browns 2 and 4 oz bottles and sometimes the 2 oz would be cold while the 4 oz would  be way too hot. We always ended up using the tap to correct the temperature and it took forever. We just bought the dr browns delux bottle warmer and its AMAZING! It remembers how long it takes to warm any particular amount and you dont have to fill it up with water every time the way you do with this. Remove from your registry, return, or throw away if you have bought this product and go with the dr browns instead.
I bought this for my Houdini baby who could get his arms free from any swaddlers.  I had such high hopes that this would be the answer to more sleep, but he absolutely hated it.  We used it three nights in a row and endured crying after he struggled and struggled to try to free himself.  We gave up and went back to the Swaddlers Halo Sleep Sack, which he promptly pulled an arm from and started sucking on his hand.  I think he likes the comfort of sucking and needs that (and isn't a pacifier kind of kid.). So this didn't work for us.  Material is soft and seems high quality.
Yes, yes, I read Karp's Happiest Baby on the Block, and yes, I believe that swaddling itself is the miracle-not this blanket.  I had a few swaddlers from First YearsThe First Years Easy-Wrap Swaddler - Yellow (much cheaper and worked better), but my son outgrew them.  So, I decided to try the Miracle Blanket.  I wish I hadn't spent the money.  First, the price is very high.  Second, it's a long blanket that wraps--there are no closures (velcro, snaps, etc), so he tends to slip down into the blanket, and the arm flaps bunch up in his armpits (uncomfortable).  What's worse, the blanket unravels and wraps around his neck.  Scary!  He gets very hot in this blanket (despite central A/C and ceiling fan--his back and neck are drenched!), and overheating is another risk factor for SIDS.  Oh, and forget about "quick" middle-of-the-night diaper changes--it's nearly impossible to get his legs out of the bottom pouch, so wrestling him out of the blanket wakes him up.  Overall, I would not recommend this blanket.
The suction is not very strong and the cover of mid size one does not fit well, or rather it does not close at all!
I was looking for a chair to use at grandma's house, and ordered this one. At home we use the Phil and Ted's Me Too everywhere we go, and love it in every way. We like to have the baby at the table with us. The Regalo is clunky, difficult to install, the fabric feels cheap, the baby sits too low and his head hits the metal piping on the top of the chair. He cries whenever I put him in it. This chair is going back.
With the infant car seat in front (Chicco Keyfit 30) and my small toddler in back, she had to lean forward at about a 45 degree angle and the car seat still touched her head. Very uncomfortable, and thus, unable to use. Returned. Thank you to Amazon for making returns of this nature so easy!
The craftsmanship is iffy. When put together, some of the screws don't actually screw into anything--they just sit there. This is probably a defect, but speaks to the lack of quality of the product. Unfortunately, there is so much of this crappy stuff flooding the market.
we have a safey 1st convertable car seat and this didn't work for us at all. i wish it had!
I bought this to replace a similar turtle that I ordered from one of those discount sites.  On the turtle, after a week or so of use one of the buttons popped in so it couldn't be used anymore.The turtle had four colors of lights, and you could choose to have them all on, one on constantly, or automatically fade between the colors.  The constantly changing colors kept my children amused, and was really pretty to look at.  The turtle also played some pretty celtic music.This ladybug has four buttons: one on/off switch, and three colors.  That's IT.  You can only pick one of the colors to be on (blue, green, or red which hardly even shows up) but unless you want to sit there pushing the buttons it won't change between them.  No music, no other features.  For the price, that really surprised me.This ladybug is built well, it doesn't seem like I'll have to worry about the buttons poking in like the turtle, but I am very disappointed by the lack of features, and so are my kids (twins, age 14 months).  I recommend trying to find a similar product that does more, as children get bored with this one quickly.
Initially, we fell in the camp of enthusiastic adorers of this toy. Baby learned to pass it from hand to hand, retrieve it when lost and gaze intently into the friendly face. Then he managed to stuff one of the long legs deep into his mouth and started to gag. The legs are exactly the size that can block airways. Since he was supervised, nothing bad happened, but babes at this age (4 months) don't have enough control to pull back the toy from their mouths when already scared by the gagging. I don't think I'll try again at a later date -- even older babes are still too young to be trusted to react correctly when a leg goes too far in.This toy has many thoughtful features -- no-slip texture, right-size for hands, light weight, soft (no banging on heads), friendly face and an engaging presence. But the legs can choke, which is why we've replaced it with a friendly velvet rocketship...
The stitching is coming undone everywhere.  I returned the  blanket to the manufacturer and got a replacement blanket (which took forever) and it is coming undone too.  And everything shrank when I washed them.  Everything wrinkles really easily too.  Over priced and poor quality if you ask me.
The wipes dry out quickly or are too soggy, there was no in between. Furthermore, this thing is really a gimmick "you must have this for your child to be a good mother!" piece of junk. YOur baby won't die of hypothermia if you don't have a wipe warmer. If the thing is that cold, hold it in your hand for a few minutes. Sold mine on ebay. Don't waste your time or money. Put the twenty bucks in your kid's college fund instead. It's a much better investment
No matter what we tried, we could not get these bowls to stick or stay stuck. These bowls were a complete waste of money.They do work as regular bowls, of course, and I like that they have lids, so I did give them one star. But because they are advertised as "stay put suction" bowls...they only get that one star.
We used this once.. It was just not needed... roll some receiving blankets and viola... I would not spend the money on this again.
Something like this is a great idea, but when I called to ask the fire dept. to inspect my car.  They said not to add any after-market things to car seats or seat belts. The firefighter said this could weaken the seat belt over time and it may break in a crash. They also said that the headrest for the infant seat was dangerous because it adds more room between baby and the seat, which may cause the baby to be injury seriously in an accident.I took both out of my car. The mighty tite is just collecting dust.  I have no plans of using it or giving it away.  If I can't find a use for it, I'll probably throw it away.  The headrest is in the bouncer or the swing. They are great for around-the-house everyday use.
For me, using formula to feed my daughter, this just wasn't the right choice. The bottles are said to be ergonomically designed to make it easier for baby to hold, but my little one has an easier time getting her hands around and even supporting the much heavier standard glass bottles!The flow is also really slow, even on the faster nipples, and although the bottles don't seem to leak, they don't seem to have any real advantage over standard glass bottles, and are much harder to clean.
The rails did not make a 90* angle.  It was a smaller angle, meaning it angled itself over the bed rather than straight up.  If you were to stick your hand between the bed & the guard it was almost impossible to pull back out because the angle created such a force that it would trap your hand.  As you tried to pull your hand up it actually would apply more force to keep your hand down.  If I couldn't get my hand out easily, how is my kid going to get his head out easily if he got stuck? There are many other products on the market that are better.
My baby does not like this teether. I guess she finds it big for herself. I suggest you find a smaller one which can be easily grasped by your baby.
I got Snuggli and Bjorn for my baby shower. I was planning on returning Bjorn to get my big $$$ back. But Snuggli was so difficult to use with all those straps and belts that my impatient baby had a fit every time. Baby Bjorn worked better.
I bought it. I used it for several times but i didnt like it.the edge of shield is firm. it doesnt fit the breast. and milk leaks out, so you have to hold it with hand with a tissue. after a month shield began to loose its shape.then it sucks really hard. my poor nipples were purple even after few minutes of pumping.Then i bought electrical one. MiPump by First years. It costs twice the price of this pump, but it sucks really gentle but strong enough (you can adjust the strength of pumping) with a sort of vibration. and it feels about the same way as a baby sucking. it is electrical and works both from batteries and electricity. and pumps 2 breasts at one time.shields are very soft. and i just enjoy pumping now.Medela is a cool brand, i liked the cream for nipples by Medela and some other products but i am ready to throw this pump away in a dumpster.
Because this was designed without any stretch to it, it is NOT made for 0-6 month old babies. It would have fit my baby girl just before she was 3 months old, and that was IT. But since I didn't need it till she was 3 months old (It was too big for her as a newborn) she never got to wear it. At three months it was too small for her head, and so I had to get rid of it unused. The material inside is satiny, too, which seems nice in theory, but it plays out terribly for warmth. All in all I consider this a completely useless hat.If your looking for cute and warm, check out Smartwool's baby hats (socks, too!), and I also liked Baby Soy's baby hats.
Bought these because my boy has acid reflux and is supposed to eat upright.  I was hopful they would work well.  However they leak.  No matter what I tried they leaked.  Had others try them for me, they leaked for them.  They are not worth the money, I won't even attempt to sell them at a yard sale because I dont want to burden anyone with the frustration of a leaky bottle.  DO NOT BUY.
Clearly this item doesn't work. Even in water that is barely warm, it says 'HOT' under the ducky. The font almost never changes away from white.  Such a waste of money!
Love the idea but it just doesn't work quite as well as the pictures say.  The thing sags so much in the shelf/pockets that stuff falls off...even with the plastic supports inserted.  The velcro fasteners don't have enough grip to stay attached, so nails are really the only option and I didn't want to nail this stupid thing into the side of my convertible changing table.
This was great for baths for the first month when he would fit in the sling. Starting at 2 months old he was too big for the sling but the "seat" or whatever the bump is under the sling was completely useless for him. If we had the sling attached at the bottom his feet would get caught on the edge and his back sunk down into the bump. If we detached the bottom two straps of the sling then first of all it just got in the way and either he would lie with the bump in his back or he would be 90% out of the water with his head above the headrest.
We were disappointed with this bottle warmer for our twin boys. We found that it can only heat up one bottle every 10 minutes, which is a real problem when you are trying to heat up two bottles or you mess up the first time, and its too cold or too hot, which is common with this warmer because you are constantly adjusting how much water to put in. At 3AM, this is just too much trouble. Also, it lacks a countdown timer, a memory for how long you needed the warmer the last time, and doesn't have a water reservoir. The Dr. Browns is much better, and we have found that one works great for Dr. Browns, First Years and Playtex bottles.
Very stinks! Water flows!Pour difficult! Plastic toys inside, heavy and bad swim.  Thrown out money. My child played 5 minutes and more do not want to watch. It is poison! Because it is - then the child periodically go face him and licks is chemistry!
No problems with the quality of the pillow or the pillow case.I haven't tried any other body pillows, so I can't compare, but it seems to help. Early in my first trimester, I started getting severe knee and hip pain at night. I still have some, but sleeping with the body pillow seems to help. I think the important thing in avoiding the hip pain is to keep my whole upper leg on the body pillow, so it isn't angling downward - at least I hope this will help.The pillow comes with a pillow case. Its a bit hard to get it on and off for washing, but I'm not sure how it could be improved -  it's a snake shaped pillow - a zipper or snaps would make it easier to get on and off, but would probably be uncomfortable or wouldn't completely cover the pillow.Edit: I liked this pillow at first, but before the end of the second trimester it was very flat. Washing it didn't plump it up enough. I ended up using two normal pillows as body pillows - one between my knees and one to hug. Save your money
I'm surprised this potty got such rave reviews. My daughter is so uncomfortable with this potty trainer! She'll sit on it, but it's so small. The splash guard is what really seems to make it uncomfortable for her. She's accidental sat on it before and it hurt her. When she sits on it the splash guard makes her have to sit with her legs open, but as I mentioned the seat is pretty narrow so she can't really sit on it comfortably.
I got this after reading reviews for several different diaper pails and I opted for this one since I didn't want to stick my hand in anything or twist things. Pros: easy to use and change the bag. Cons: the smell! Every time I throw a diaper in there, the 1 second it takes for the diaper to enter the compartment is enough to release a foul odor! And this happens even though my little one doesn't poop much and has barely started on solids. It does not, however, smell if the whole thing is closed and unused. Only smells when you toss a diaper in.Also, if you want to throw away just a diaper wipe, you can't because the 'trap door' requires pressure (from the weight of a used diaper or your hand) in order to enter the trash compartment. You gotta make sure your used diaper is wadded up tightly because that helps it break through the trap door (with light or barely used diapers, you'll have to probably use your hand to push it past the trap door. I've had to do this several times). I'm disappointed since this performs as well as a regular trash can with a foot-pedal operated lid, which is what we were using before.
I, thankfully, tested this product with my 9 month old BEFORE putting food in it and he was able to lift up the bowl within a minute. Nice idea but doesn't work.
We were disappointed in this product. My baby was 8 months at the time of purchase, liked paci's & chewing on pretty much anything she could get her hands on. She chewed on this 30 seconds & tossed it. I continued to re-introduce it to her over a couple days and she just had no interest. I tried an organic toothpaste she likes on the "toothbrush" which helped her chew it for a minute; however, even with guidance, the bristles did not wrap around teeth/gums in order to work properly. For this reason, the "first toothbrush" is lucky to get 2 stars. I am sure it helps brush other children's teeth when a child will chew it long enough, otherwise, I recommend just using a washcloth or the finger toothbrush.
It's very difficult to put this product on without any bubbles. I simply don't have the patience to adjust and readjust. That being said, it did serve it's purpose, and that's reducing the amount of sun that gets to my son, but my biggest problem with it is that it is very dark. I read the reviews of others, and thought I would be able to handle the darkness. It was only installed on the back driver side window. But after driving with it for a few days, i found myself checking and re-checking my blind spot. Maybe it just takes getting used to...but I've since removed it. Also, it is tacky looking, but I can get over that as long as it works.
Don't waste your money on this product.  I bought the tie on cloth cover for the front rail of the crib, and decided to try to save some money on a cover for the side rails.  It didn't even stay on for a day.  Money down the drain, since I now have to replace it with a cloth cover.
First of all, the dimensions of this mattress pad are totally incorrect. It says on the packaging that it is 27 in x 37 in, which would just fit the mattress board of myGraco Pack 'n Play Little Hoot. However, even before washing, I measured the pad and it was at least 3 inches short in length, measuring about 34 in. I tried putting it on before washing, and as I suspected, it was a super tight fit, causing the board to buckle in the middle. Since there were some positive reviews and successes with this product, I thought I would give it a shot and wash it in cold water, gentle cycle, followed by air drying it. Now the product has shrunk a tiny bit more, causing the board to buckle in several places, not just in the middle. In terms of dimensions, it's totally misleading and definitely doesn't fit every Pack n Play. On the other hand, the quality of it does seem great. It's very soft, very cushy, is organic and waterproof. It has all the things I'm looking for to provide my little one with something safe and waterproof to sleep on during the early days when he's in the bassinet portion of his Pack n Play. I can't seem to find anything else that is an equivalent product to this for that purpose, so I guess I am keeping it and hoping that the buckling will eventually lessen as I stretch out the mattress pad.
I thought my baby would be mesmerized and fascinated by the lighted musical waterfall.. but I think she's rather intimidated by it and all the stimulation. The waterfall is not as cool as I expected and the music or sounds weren't all that impressive. The hanging toys which are made of hard plastic, indeed hang too low so every time she moves her legs her knees activate it, which seems to agitate her. The seat is pretty and uses good fabric but overall this item is not really worth paying its price.I wish I had just bought a used or cheaper bouncer.
I was disappointed in the quality of this product. The straps themselves are nothing special and the included screws are very poor quality. In one case the screw head was stamped off center, making it unusable. As indicated by other reviewers, it is pretty much impossible to use these screws without stripping them, even if you use a hand screwdriver and a pre-drilled hole. I ended up having to use some leftover drywall screws, which fit through the opening in the brackets almost perfectly.Since you will have to replace the screws, you are better off just purchasing the brackets and your own zip ties.
I love this changing table's appearance. It is a beautiful looking piece of furniture. Why the low rating? Because it's a piece of junk. First of all, it came with a billion pieces to put together. I even had to put the tracks on the drawers. When I screwed the screws into the frame of the drawers, the particle board (or pressed wood) came apart. The top edges are each separate pieces of wood, so if you try to move the piece of furniture across the floor, the frame easily pulls apart. Did I mention it weighs 50 tons?The drawers themselves are very shallow, but the space in each drawer is much deeper, so you can actually fit more in the drawers than what the drawer allows you to put in.If I did not throw out the box, there would be no question that I would return this item. If I never move it, it may last a while, but I bet after moving it 2-4 times, this will crash and burn!Update: My baby is now 5 months old. The top of this is scratched and the junky coating that is on the wood keeps coming off in chips and gets on my baby.Also, the drawers fall apart sometimes when you open them. What a piece of ****!!!!
My toddler cries every time we use this shampoo. Also her dandruff does not go away as I thought it would with this natural shampoo.
After cutting this item and attaching it to my fireplace per the instructions, it looked... well... okay.  But by that night there were gaps between the different sections.  It was almost as if it had stretched while I was handling it to lay it out straight and then condensed or something after I attached it.  It would be next to impossible I think to attach the different pieces/parts without there being any gaps.I mean- it works and hopefully prevent my daughter from getting hurt to badly if she hits her head on the fireplace, but it is defnitely a cheap-o eyesore.  I should have known from the sketchy packaging that this product would be awful.Edit-  My daughter can pull this off like its nothing.  I guess I'll be buying a replacement now.  Worse than worthless.
I despised this stupid thing from the moment we first used it, right up until we replaced it with the Skip Hop Moby. The design, for starters, is obnoxious. The water is supposed to fountain out, which it does, but only if you've barely got the water turned on because otherwise the water pressure will pull it off the spout and it will dangle uselessly from your water diverter. You try to put it back on, but because the spout it wet, the Flo loses it's grip on the spout, slips and dangles again. OK, fine, take it off and lay it aside to be used another time. Next bath experience: you pour bubles in the top only to discover that the bubble dispenser only dispenses about 2/3rds of the bubbles, leaving 1/3rd to chill in the resevoir: not helpful, you then discover that the very act of dispensing the bubbles has caused the Flo to lose it's grip on the spout and slip down to dangle uselessly from the shower diverter. Sigh. After one or two baths, during witch you've simply poured the bubbles straight into the bath water like you've always done, and run the water very lightly which means it took approximately 15 minutes for the tub to fill up five inches, you are alarmed to see that poor Flo has developed a bad case of mildew. *Before the reader runs away with any thoughts that the author never cleans her bathroom, please be informed that said author is nearly OCD level obsessed with bathroom cleanliness, because she lives with a man, and two toddlers* This mildew simply will not cease and desist. You scrub it with high-grade noxious smelling cleansers, only to see that that mildew is going nowhere. You run the Flo through the dishwasher, no good. You soak the Flo in bleach, kinda works, but the mildew is back in force in a few days. You finally break down and order the product you should have purchased to begin with, namely, the Skip Hop Moby. The Moby does not fountain out, but then again, the Flo didn't do so well at that either. The Moby is however, very cute, has a death grip on the tub spout, and can be thoroughly cleaned. Everyone is happy in tub land once again.
First of all the bulb syringe it's TOO HARD, and worst: it did not suck at all (the blue one from the hospital have been a life saver).  The brush is too rough for a baby under 2, and the comb I started to use it when my daughter was 3 months old, because is too rough for a newborn.  The nail clipper is too big for my daughter little The comb it's OK... The nail fillers are way TOO ROUGH too.  The dropper is TOO BIG....I REGRET of spending my money in this.....Keep searching for another set!!!!UPDATE---> I'm writing this note because after reading my comment after a year I have to say that I wrote this review stating that the items doesn't work for a newborn as they promise, but most of the items you can use them for an older baby... I have to say that the nail clipper has been the best one ever since my daughter was 15 months old, and after my husband step on it an broke it I run to the store and bought another one: Lucky me that I found it in a smaller set just with the scisors and the nail fillers and I didn't had to buy the whole kit again!!
When using these bottles with my newborn, stage 1 flow was very fast for her.  The nipples are very hard (not like the breast at all).  She would get alot of gas when using these bottles.  I switched to Platex Ventaire and we both loved them.  Those bottles are a hundred times better.
This seat was recommended to me by someone who owns a caravan and who had luck with it. Unfortunately i have a Mountaineer and this car seat just does not fit comfortably anywhere in the back seat in the rear facing position.Problems: The latch cord wasn't long enough so we had to do the seatbelt install instead.The seat is so huge that our only option was to put it behind the front passenger seat. In order to have it reclined correctly, we had to remove the base, use 3 pool noodles AND a blanket....but now the person in the front passenger seat is too close to the dashboard. For a family of long legs, this doesn't work out too well.The buckle is very tricky.....with practice, you eventually get used to it and the straps keeps twisting.Good things: Seat is comfortable and safe. Height adjust is super easy, especially in New England weather...when baby may be wearing a snowsuit one day and a sweatshirt the next.  Fabric is easily washable.I wish i had talked to other SUV owners before i bought this one to see what else they recommended. I will be much happier with it when we can switch to forward facing in 6 months.
I bought this toy for my teething 4 month old after reading so many wonderful reviews.  She loved the squeek and loved chewing on this flexible toy. I loved it for about two weeks. Then I noticed to my horror that it was peeling in many different places and pieces of it were coming off. Now my baby has no teeth as yet but this toy could not even hold up to her gumming.Unless you want your baby ingesting whatever that stuff is made from, don't buy it.
not good for us at all.it spills all over my bag. i don't know what to do with this.i don't like this Sipster cup!
I thought this would be a great solution to my comfort issues I've been having in pregnancy but I was way wrong.  The pillow is WAY too big & bulky & honestly, it's not comfortable at all.  The cover is not soft & the pillow itself is too stiff to mold to your liking.  Also, the head part is too bulky to use with your own pillow but too flat by itself.  Altogether the pillow was wrong wrong wrong.I only gave it 2 stars because Amazon's shipping/cost was awesome as usual.
PROSI've never leaked.It's really thin.CONSIt feels like plastic.It does not allow my skin to breathe and make my breasts really itchy.It won't stick to your bra. The small sticky tab doesn't do much.It stinks at the end of the day.Yellow powder gets on your fingers if you open the wrapper wrong.Lansinoh has two sticky tabs that work.  And it doesn't make my breasts itchy or sweaty.  And their wrappers do not have any weird coloring on it.
I was about to buy this one, and found that this item had been recalled back in 2005. Recall: Safety 1st Tubside Bath Seats : [...]
I tried this a few times.  It doesn't have a firm base under the padding, so the surface isn't flat on a mattress for the most part.  I cut a piece of MDF to fix that.It's highly susceptible to tilt - if one of you is much bigger than the other in the bed, it may well tilt to the heavy one, and that means baby will roll to the side.When the baby rolls to the side, DD's little legs pop right out the unsupportive mesh panels.  What's more, Mommy was worried about the sides near the baby's head not being appropriately breathable.  I think it's probably fine, but you might side with Mom.Finally, the materials (e.g. mattress cover) are poor.  Polyester and velcro that tears apart the poly the first time you wash it.Buy a laundry hamper and use that instead.
I bought a diaper genie for my baby, despite numerous people telling me it wasnt worth it..  It was fine at first... My baby is only a month old and im already giving it away!  My first complaint is that the first few diapers wont stay wrapped!  As soon as i put another diaper in it unravels the first diaper and the second drops down with the first.. IT keeps doing this until the bag is too heavy and wont wrap at all!  My second complaint is that the cutter doesnt work!  It will cut about an inch or two and then stop and every time i try to do it again it just doesnt work, so i end up cutting it with scissors..  This thing is WAY too much work for a diaper pail!  ANd its a pain to get the diaper down in there when trying to hold onto a wriggling baby too. In my opionion its NOT WORTH THE MONEY AT ALL!!!! I wouldnt recommend this to ANYONE!! I bout the diaper champ and it is the greatest pail ever! BUY THE DIAPER CHAMP!
When you open the drawers it feels cheaply made!  I felt like I would break it everytime I opened the drawer.
We bought this product for a 2000-mile road trip with our 14-month old.  We found it was too thick to be helpful in keeping her head propped up in a good position as she slept to prevent wheezing.  If we put it around the back or sides of her neck, her head would fall forward and her breathing wouldn't be smooth.  If we put it around the front of her neck, it wouldn't stay put or she would pull it off.  On the positive side, it worked reasonably well for me and my 16.5-inch neck, but we will be looking into something more wedge-shaped that goes around the front of the neck for the next trip with our toddler.
My three month old daughter is breastfed and we thought we'd give these bottles a go. I was hopeful that she might like the VentAire bottles, but they were a fail.We tried both the slow and fast flow nipples and she wasn't able to get anything out of the bottle with either flow rate.  It was disappointing to say the least.Even though the bottles didn't work for us, I'm sure they probably work well for someone's baby, so I will try to give you a run down on the bottles contained in this set.  The newborn starter set comes with five bottles.  Three six ounce bottles and two nine ounce bottles  The six ounce bottles have a slow flow nipple and the nine ounce bottles come with the fast flow nipple.  The set also contains two additional fast flow nipples and two replacement vent valves for the bottom of the bottle.  Because the smallest bottles can hold six ounces, you could probably get just this set alone and be set with all the bottles you would need for your baby if these bottles work out for you.Other reviewers have stated that they had leaking issues with these bottles.  In the few times that we attempted to use these bottles we didn't have any leaking issues, but I'm sure they could happen given that the bottom screws on and has holes in it that are covered with the silicone valve vent.The bottles feel pretty comfortable in your hand.  I have used bottles in the past that are not comfortable to hold, so I think it's worth mentioning that it fits nicely in your hand.When it comes to cleaning these bottles you can be sure you have every nook and cranny clean since it fully disassembles, but that also means that you have lots of pieces to keep tabs on.  The bottle has six parts total.Overall, while the bottles look nice, I think the Ventaire concept is really a gimmack and a poorly executed one at that.  What good is a bottle if it's nearly impossible to get anything to come out of it?  Personally, I'd pass on these bottles and try either the Avent bottles or the Playtex Drop Ins.
The smell will only work in a bathroom but definitely NOT in a babies room. Unless you want your baby to have respiratory issues- steer clear of these!
I used this diaper pail when I had my first daughter a couple of years ago and I did not like it at all. I thought it was very difficult to use. (until you get used to it)  It didn't contain the smell well at all. The refills were a pain to put in and like another reviewer said it twisted when it wanted to.  The lid also kept coming off of mine. I threw this out and bought the safety 1st odorless diaper pail which I find contains the odor much better.
It is a little too thin for my taste, but most covers seem to be.  It easily gets snagged on rings and jewelry so now I have to take my jewelry off before changing him.  It is pretty thin so it doesn't absorb or protect against any wetness.  I use a small pad to help protect it.  It is basically for design now and to match my son's bedding.
So we have used this bottle warmer for over 8 months now. I have to say, with all the sleep deprived parents using this item, often in the middle of the night, you would think that Avent would be wise enough to put an auto-shut-off feature on this little doohickey. But, no. I exclusively feed my baby breastmilk, and that stuff is like "liquid gold" (from what everyone has told me, and I'm inclined to agree), and I can't even tell you how often I have put a bottle in the warmer to warm it and then forgot it was in there for like 15 minutes. The milk gets boiling hot in that time, and then it's useless and I have to pour it out because it's not supposed to be heated to boiling. I know people are probably going to read this and wonder how one could forget that they put a bottle in the warmer, but now that our baby is sleeping through the night, it's more for when my husband is giving her a bath, I will get the bottle ready for him as he gives her a bottle after her bath and puts her to bed (his time with her during the week). So many times I have forgotten it was in there and burned the milk, but also - and this is the really dangerous part - the light will shut off for like 30 seconds at a time (what they call "blinking", if you can believe that), and so often it will look like it's turned off when there is no bottle in it, but it isn't, and it will just keep heating the water in there until it's all gone. We have found it on after a couple of hours away from it because we didn't notice the "blinking" light because it was off at the time, and there is no other indication that it's on from the front. The switch is on the back and it's not clearly marked "on/off" either. I can't imagine how it hasn't caught fire for other people or melted the plastic when the water is all gone. Thankfully, I have noticed it before the water was completely gone, but it was almost gone. How unsafe! Anyway, I still use it because I haven't found one with an auto-off feature, but will be looking for one. I have to set the timer on my microwave now whenever I put a bottle in because half of my brain cells disappeared when my baby was born apparently, and I'm way too distracted to remember it's on. BAD DESIGN!!!
Maybe because our baby isn't that big yet (5 months) but the only way I can get enough coverage on the Miracle carrier is by putting the bib on backwards (with the name inside), otherwise it doesn't provide enough protection from his drool.  It is definitely overpriced and thin.  If I had more time, I'd just take a burp cloth and stitch it together instead.
This diaper pail is too small for parents who cloth diaper.  Also, putting it over a reusable liner is hard because it is very difficult to get the lid to snap shut.  I feel like I'm constantly finagling with it to get it to close.  Also, the place where you snap in the air fresheners are difficult to use.  We eventually just gave up.  All of that was fine, but now, after just 8 months of use, the lid broke. The two little nubs that lock it in place just gave out.  One snapped off completely, and the other is about to give.  All in all, it's just not worth the money.  We weren't particularly rough on the pail, and it should last at least the diapering life of one child.
Smells good but doesn't last as much. On top of it, had some irritation from the product. I tried to return it but was unsuccessful in that attempt since the seller declined to do so...Will definitely check the return policy from some particular vendor before ordering from 3rd party in the future.
they are very soft. but they don't stay in place like said. they fall out. I had several experiences where they have moved and fallen on floor. embarrassing. very soft cotton but don't stay in place. I like my medea brand better
We have about 10 or so lightweight bath toys we store in this net.  The suction cups don't stick very long, and send all toys spilling all over the tub.  Gets old picking them up so often.  Very disappointed.
Not to be one of those people who complain about too much of a good thing, but here it goes... It's just too big! You need a great deal of wall space to be able to accommodate this net. It spans at least 5 feet and requires bigger holes in your wall then I was planning on. I never put the thing up, just took it out of the box and realized it won't work. I'd you have major wall space available, don't mind anchor screws in your wall, and need to house A LOT of toys, this might be for you.
I bought this for my son to try and get him to sleep properly but he ended up finding ways to escape it. I tried this on him for three days but I would get up to find him slid out of it, giving me his mischievious grin. Luckily I was able to return it and get back the money I wasted. I think it's useless. Babies are too smart for this. They will find ways out of it.
I have C-cup and I found that the fit was terrible. You could also see them under my clothes. But worst of all - it actually dried onto my nipple and tore some skin off when I tried to remove them!!!  I threw the rest of the box away.  Then I tried Lansanoh pads, both super absorbant & ultra thin, and loved them both. No problems with sticking. I don't recommend the Medela nursing pads at all.
My husband and I purchased this bath at Target because it was on sale for $15. At first I was excited but after using it for a month I'm pretty disappointed. The wedge in the middle of the tub that is suppose to support the baby's bum makes washing my 3 and 1/2 month old son pretty difficult. His feet already reach the other side of the tub so I don't see us using it much longer. We never used the sling either because our son would have barely touched the water in it.UPDATE: I didn't like this bath before but now I hate it even more. It's been about a month since I reviewed this and my son is now 4 1/2 months old, about 16 pounds and 24 inches long. He has become too big for the infant side of the tube, his back and bum can't sit comfortably on the wedge/bump in the middle of the tub and he can't sit up yet so the todler side is a no go.
Cheap material, I returned it.It is not sturdyenough to use ever day.I was even afraid tobrake before returning the stuff.
This was a total piece of garbage.  Several things are wrong.1.  It doesnt fit every changing table.  When I attach it to mine, it tilts downward and is not level at all.  You need to have a bottom slat or base to support it under the top slat it will go onto.2.  The side compartments keep falling off because they dont attach they just fit over the edges.3.  The biggest complaint is that the wipe tray does not fit every wipe box or wipe warmer and we have the same brand name wipe warmer that made this product.4.  Consider that you will be taking away 5 inches of walk space around your changing table after you put this hunk of plastic onto it.If you have your changing table in a small area or corner of a room, this makes a difference.What a cheaply made piece of plastic.Pass this up and buy a wall shelf to go over the changing table instead.
beware, as your child ages, this system does not hide the odors.  We have twins thus, two bins and the rooms that the bins are in STINK!  I am replacing them.
I love the fact that my son takes well to these bottles. Unfortunately, they are such a nightmare to wash and assemble.I don't have a dishwasher, so I have to hand wash each piece. I feel like my life revolves around washing, drying and assembling bottles. My son is gassy. He burps often with them, but he feeds well.Beware of the nipple not tightening properly when you screw it on. Many times I have been sprayed by an improperly fitting nipple. Also, it's near impossible to warm this bottle up if you have cold formula. If you place it in water the bottom collects it, only to pour out when it is inverted.I give them 3 stars for my son...I give them 1 star for myself!
We registered online for this bag because we thought it was stylish.  Little did we know that it is really hard to find anything in this bag because of all the little tiny zipper compartments and the main compartment only zips down the side so you have to take everything out of the bag to actually see what you are looking for.  It's really hard to do all of that when you are out with your baby!
I don't think every newborn likes to be swaddled. My newborn did not like being swaddle, he liked his hands to be free. I received this as a shower gift and tried using it the first few days when he came home, but he really didn't like feeling constrained. I really would not register for this product again. Most newborn outgrow swaddling that in my opinion it is not worth buying this product in the long run.
I returned the product.  It is way too bulky to add to a car seat.  I brought the car seat with the Bundle Me installed to my local fire department for inspection of proper installation.  My husband got an "A" for proper car seat installation.  I got an "F" for having this product in the car seat.  It has too much cushion, causing too much give in the event of an accident. The inspector told us to get rid of it.  Perhaps this product is good for a stroller?
I had this pump on my registry but then was also given a double electric pump (Medela Pump in Style) all I can say is GOOD THING I HAD THE DOUBLE PUMP! This single electric one just cannot get enough pressure/suction/whatever. plus even if it DID work, a single pump means double the pumping time. I know double electric pumps are expensive, but beg, borrow, get your family to go in it as a gift - you NEED it and this single pump is NOT an adequate substitute for a real pump! You can even rent a double pump from the hospital or a lactation consultant. Just don't bother trying this one.
This is great for the first 30-60 days with a new baby, but good for the garbage after that.  It gets moldy fast, and a larger baby will flip right out.  I would say it's likely there is something better, but for the price it's good.
I wanted a cover that would protect my son from touching the germy shopping carts.  This cover was nice, however, it was bulky with the side pillows, and didn't cover the sides.  I'm much happier with the Infantino cover and recommend it over this one.
This is the only bottle warmer I have ever used so I really have nothing to compare it to.  However, I stopped using it after a couple of weeks and realized my son took the bottle just fine without the need to warm up the bottle.  It was difficult to get the bottle at the right temp - it was either too hot or too cold.  By the time I had it at an acceptable temp, my baby was already screaming for the bottle.  The bottle would sometimes be too hot and would leak at the top.  That left a residue at the bottom of the warmer which would emit a weird odor that might make you think something is burning.  You might have better luck with it but it just didn't work for us.
Yes, they are difficult to remove... that is the point, of course.But they break easily upon removal.Only use in outlets you have absolutely no intention of using until after your child is old enough to know not to stick anything in them.
The fit is really bad on our faucet, it doens't hold on place (loose) so be careful when buying or try it and return it right away if it doesn't fit right.
Mine fell apart after 2 washes. It was nice at first, other than the fabric was see through. With babies you need things to withstand multiple Washings. Don't waste your money.
This teether is a good idea, but it has problems in the execution.  The main problem is that the paint that makes it so colorful and "fun" will chip off.  Yes, into your child's mouth.  Not good.Thankfully, it isn't a really effective teether.  My children didn't like to teethe on it much--just enough to rub the paint off the bugs' bodies and legs (the nubbly legs are the best teething surface on the whole ring).  But they mostly ignored it.  Now it's up and out of the way, so my eight-month-old can't get the paint in his mouth.  We only still have it in the house because my toddler likes to name the insects, so it's useful for that.The favorite teether in my house, by far, is the Discovery Toys'sSuper Yummy Teether.  If you're looking for a good cold teether, try Infantino'sOcean Teethersset.  These are also okay when they're not refrigerated.Bottom line:  Skip this one.  The paint rubs off.
I bought these to use with my Kleen Kanteen's - and although they do fit they leak like crazy. If the bottle is not upright the water just flows out. I was so disappointed.
When this package arrived, I was very disappointed to see "not for use with Single Deluxe or Freestyle breast pumps" written in very small print on the front of the package.  I assumed that because the product was made by Medela and claimed to be "compatible with ALL Medela breast pumps," it would be compatible with my Medela Freestyle Breast pump.
I still leak with these.  They aren't as absorbent as ones I bought on Etsy.  Basically I only use them when I'm desperate.
I got this as my baby had reflux. She would slide down even if she moves a little in her sleep. I guess you could just use a hard pillow you have at home instead of wasting money on this.
The material came loose from the elastic when I washed it before using for the first time.  I was disappointed in the quality.  It is a baby item and needs to be soft and durable.
This product came with the wrong parts and it is unusable without the correct parts. The two plastic parts that make the cross which the cards hang from were incorrect. There are supposed to be two different parts and this one came with two of the same part.
The instructions that came with this are terrible. The diagrams are really tiny and have no labels. The written instructions for Step 1 say "see the diagram" and do not elaborate, making the instructions worthless. The 3M sticky tape is REALLY sticky. Do not expect to get it off your furniture or to reuse these edge guards - the tape will cling to your furniture and to the guards, destroying both.In the end I was unable to install my guards properly - they attached to the furniture crookedly and then I couldn't un-stick them in order to make it right. The guards are nice, thick foam, but that doesn't matter if the installation goes miserably.You can see my photos of the final results I got in the Customer Image Gallery.
the thermometer on this duck is lousy. the water has to be scalding for it to change color so it is not very useful for its intended purpose. as a toy, it is not great since it doesn't quack and is kind of hard plastic.
I don't understand why they would make a product that does not fit standard corner tables! I need to return this item
I thought these sounded like a good a good idea but it turned out to be completely weird.  You put food in the little net and then the baby is supposed to chew on it and suck the food out.  However my kids all found it strange to have the net in their mouth and nothing we put in these made the kids want to use them.  We threw them away shortly after purchasing them.
Haven't been able to get my 8 month old to use these. Have been trying for a few months. Love the idea, but she won't touch them. I tried them too, and can't blame her. The taste and feel of the mesh is not very pleasant.
Waste of money and time in assembly.  This product is poorly constructed and screw holes are not even the right size for the included pieces.Do not bother with this item, try Ikea for a space saving solution that is of better quality
I have two of these changing pad covers and used them both for a year with my first child. They are mediocre. I noticed that the material frayed around the elastic after a few months of use. I stitched them back up, but it looks kind of cruddy and the material continues to unravel in new places. I agree with one of the other comments regarding a slit for the safety strap...one is not present. Finally, I used it with the changing pad by "Especially for Baby" and the fit was a bit too tight which resulted in the pad curving a bit over time.For a few more dollars, I would strongly recommend looking at Pottery Barn Kids' chamois pad covers. They are extrememly soft (you'll wish your sheets were made out of this stuff!), have the safety strap slits and fit the changing pad perfectly.
After reading all the reveiw on this, I believed I HAD to have this tub. It is bulky and a pain to use. Our daughter never liked it. Buy the sponge - it is a couple of bucks and really all you need, in my opinion.We just sold it in our garage sale - I think we probably used it about 3-4 times before we gave up because of the hassle.
Seemed like a good idea, but I didn't care for it. I returned it because it wasn't soft. Actual crib sheets are much nicer to look at too.
I have to say I don't really love this one.  My daugther who came with me to register for my shower was really wanting this for her little brother.  I was really wanting the Baby Papasan bouncer because it looked much more cozy and comfortable.  I should have gone with my gut feeling on this.  First of all, I think that for a new baby this is much too upright.  You cannot adjust that part of the bouncer at all.  It is just really upright and that's all there is to it.  They should have really considered that there would be very young babies in this because after all, that's the time when you need a bouncer the most.  Also, I feel like it was way too stimulating at times.  My other kids would come and turn it on while my son was in it and everything would go off at once.  Also, the little red frog on here was so annoying.  It gets stuck and just clicks and clicks.  You really can't fix it.  Finally, my daughter did something to it and it has stopped.  I could not figure out how to make it stop though.  My son does seem to like the monkey and the parrot, but as he got older I felt like he got a little more frustrated because they are always "in his way."  When he is in this there is so much stimulation going on and he cannot see over the bar to interact with anyone.  I hardly ever use the bar any more, but I still just wish that I had registered for a different one.  Not a great product, I feel like Fisher-Price could have done more with this instead of just adding every toy and sound they could to it, not to mention your little baby is practically sitting up like a full on adult.
I usually love the quality of the  sleeved Bumkins bibs because they have a very tight elastic around the wrists so the liquid foods don't get inside the little ones clothing but I am really disappointed with the Thinkfast company as they sent me the wrong item and did not take any steps to fix the mistake even a week after contacting them.It was the most expensive style out of all the styles that I ordered (($18) and instead of the one ordered I received a blue Dr.Seuss bib that it's definitely  not suitable for a girl.I have  to give that one as gift to someone and spend more money to get something else for my girl....
I think I jumped too quick with this product.  It's super cute and cuddly, but it turns off after like 5 min and then is activated again by movement.  So, I turn it on, baby falls asleep.  It turns off, baby wakes up.  Baby starts to move, it turns on and scares her.  Then I have a crying baby.  Not the ideal situation.  I ended purchasing the Munchkin Nursery Projector and Sound Machine.  It has options to turn off or stay on.  Works much better for my little one.
I am not a fat woman, but when I've just given birth to a baby, I'm not a SKINNY woman, either. Boppy Pillows are designed for SKINNY women. If you aren't super-skinny, you will never get that pillow around your waist. If you are skinny, I'm sure this is a great product.I did find my Boppy was useful for sitting my baby inside, as he was learning to sit up. It supports them all around from falling.
I was looking for a second diaper kit that would mostly be used in my gym bag and in the hiking baby backpack.  This seemed perfect but in reality once you fill it it doesn't fold up nice and neatly like in the picture, in fact the velcro closure hardly reaches.  Maybe if you were only bringing one diaper...  Our SkipHop Diaper Kit is far superior in terms of design.  It has all the same parts including the wipe case but once you fill it the kit still closes! And I can fit 6 size 0-3 diapers and probably 3-4 diapers in size 4 or larger.  I wasn't real excited about spending 2x as much on a second SkipHop kit but I think it will be worth it.
Thought these bags would work so well since the Medela pumps are top of the line - but every bag leaked at the seams after freezing!  If filled to the top line they most definitely leaked when thawing, and sometimes even when there was less in the bag.  Also almost always ripped the top at that hole when opening to pour the milk out - just made a mess.  The Lansinoh bags are so much better, don't leak, and freeze flat (which I discovered takes up less room than these bags that have a different bottom).
Weird fit, weird material. But I needed a cover in navy which is really hard to find. Its barely worth the ten bucks i paid. It feels like it is 20 years old and is just really &#34;pilly&#34; and not really &#34;terry&#34; at all. Not soft either.Instead, I'm having a custom one made to replace this one. That one was 40 dollars on etsy but it has an 8 week delivery. This will work until then.
With a five week old baby in the family  we are doing a lot of swaddling these days. I ordered this product along with swaddling blankets from the old hospital style , one with "pottamous" in the name and a Swaddle Me. I'm the grandmother so I wanted my daughter to have the best. Swaddle Me has won hands down as the easiest, most trouble free way to bundle our precious baby girl for a long, eight hour night sleep at five weeks.This Miracle Blanket just doesn't hold snugly for us and our little escape artist wiggles free and awakens herself. It doesn't work for us.
The price was right on for this product but that's about where my satisfaction ends. I have an Evenflo convertible carseat which I am still using rear facing for my 19 month old. I did not get the seatsaver version with the taller part on the back because I already had a kick pad for my son to protect the seat back. I have a newer model Honda Civic and this seatsaver does not fit well from front to back, the pockets are way up on the seat and unusable for storage. The carseat also slides around on the hard plastic top of the saver. The saver does NOT move around on the seat and it is easy to get to the LATCH system since the notches are large which is nice. Wish this product was larger overall and had the no-slip grip on both sides. So no I would not recommend it for a convertible carseat in an '09 Honda Civic. I have not tried it with my carseat forward facing so I cannot review for that function.
I use pocket diapers (FuzziBunz brand).  I needed a diaper pail with a foot lever and a place to put deodorizing disks. I bought this one because of the brand. Six months later, I still hate it as much as I did the first week.It's too small. With two days' worth of diapers in it, the lid won't close.Which is ironic, really, as the foot lever mechanism is so ineffective, the lid barely opens when I want it to. This means every time I have a dirty diaper, I step on that lever, the lid opens about 2-3 inches, and I then try to maneuver the dirty diaper into the pail without hitting any of the dirty diaper surfaces against the outside of the pail. Which is nearly impossible to do. So a long time ago, I just started lifting the lid up with my fingers, which creates a couple of other issues: that I then either have only one hand to remove the pocket insert from the diaper, or I have to first do that and then lift up the lid with a hand that's just touched the dirty diaper - which defeats the purpose of manually lifting the lid, to avoid getting the outside of the pail dirty.A diaper pail is really a pretty simple concept: it needs to be big enough to hold 2 or 3 days' worth of diapers; it needs to open up without the use of hands; and it needs to accommodate some form of deodorizing system. This can does hold scented disks (sold separately) in the lid, so it gets two stars for that. Otherwise -- this is the worse flippin' diaper pail on the market, and I cannot for the life of me figure out why a brand as reputable as Safety First would even bother producing it.
This plate is fine as a plate with raised edges, sort of like a cross between a bowl and a plate. But for twenty dollars give or take, it is wildly overpriced because what it does NOT do is stay put on the high chair tray. My 12-month-old son has no problem picking it up and tossing it if he so desires. The spoons that it comes with are easy to hold but a little wide for my son's mouth at this point.
This carrier is extremely easy to use, however I didn't feel that my son was very secure in it and he cried every time I tried putting him in it. Perhaps it would work better for me when he gets older and I carry him on my side but right now holding him right in front of me doesn't work very well with this sling. I ended up getting a Baby Bjorn and it works great!
it is too big and too heavy for my 6-month-old baby to hold, and also the materials seem too hard for my baby to chew. My baby himself is not interested in it. a bad buy.
I ordered both the caboose original and ultralight, to compare them side by side...First off, I could really not notice any difference in the weight. I lifted each and they felt exactly the same to me. However, the ultralight that came was defective. The folding trigger was not put on correctly. Also, the ultralight frame felt cheap and wobbly. When I shook the stroller side to side, the original frame did not move or squeak, the ultralight moved and shook and squeaked.The BIGGEST con of the original is that the front seat does not recline. It is a 1 position recline that is basically almost still fully upright. This means napping comfortably is out of the question. If you have a child that likes to sleep in their stroller, do NOT buy this.The seats are a bit hard and not super padded, the material is also a bit rough.Other than that, I actually liked the original caboose, and I liked it better than the ultralight because it felt sturdier.The ultralight had a nice recline, but felt too flimsyFor the price, your stroller should at least be able to recline and it should be a bit more padded than it is. I kept the original over the ultralight, because I could not get over how rickety it felt and how it was not solid.I am going to purchase the too second seat attachment, because it reclines a bit more than the front seat. However, the child in the rear seat gets a lot of sun exposure because the hood does not go all the way back to cover them.If the front seat reclined and it had a bit more padding, this stroller would get 5 stars!
I liked this product because it's a good rubbery material to chew on, but it only fit on the sides of our crib as the front bar is much wider. I had actually gotten these & put them on when my daughter was in the crib, but after being on a few months, they almost looked kind of liquidy underneath and when I went to remove them, they removed some of the wood varnish as well, so I left them on to look better. My daughter actually never did bite on the crib railings but my son does (3yrs later) and prefers chewing on the front bar best, of course. At least the side bars they fit on will not be used when it's converted to a full size bed, but there will still be those teeth marks on the bed footer. Oh well, it's kind of cute. I plan to use one of those wood color markers to cover the teeth marks if it really bothers me.
I tried the Dr. Brown system but was unsatisfied for several reasons. First of all, the bottles flowed too fast causing my son to choke and gag with every couple of swallows. Not surprisingly, this led to terrible gas and spitting up every time we fed.Secondly, I think these bottles are overpriced. Even if they had worked for me, I would have been hard pressed to spend all that extra money. Bottle feeding is not rocket science and no mother should have to pay that much to feed her child successfully.Finally, although the wide-neck bottles may be a little easier to clean, they also come with more parts than standard bottles, so it all evens out anyway. Additionally, I found the big Dr. Brown's bottles (8-9 oz size) to be very cumbersome, especially when storing them in the fridge or in a diaper bag.Every baby is different and you've got to pick the system that works best for the both of you. For our particular situation, Dr. Brown's was not the answer.
I bought this thinking it would protect my child from knocking their head off of a hard faucet, but for this purpose this item is useless. It is just as hard as the faucet. The only soft piece on this "faucet protector" is the water deflector. What a waste of money!
I bought this diaper because of the good reviews however I found that it does nothing to keep out odors.  I am going to purchase the odor disks I just saw on amazon.  Hopefully this will help.  My son's room is very small and once I open the diaper pail his whole room begins to smell and its not like the pail is filled with dirty diapers when this occurs.  I would only have 2-3 diapers in there when it begins to smell.  I wish I had gone with a more expensive diaper pail because I can't take the odor.  I hope this helps.
He wasn't into these at all, the linking things was sort of interesting but just not that great. So he'd play for about 30 secs then run off, waste of money for us.
This diaper pail was great when my daughter was a newborn and her diapers didn't have much odor. Now that she is older I have realized the (1) it doesn't hold that many diapers and (2) it DOES NOT CONTAIN THE SMELL AT ALL!!!!!! Look elsewhere for a diaper pail
I got this bib because my baby was messing with the flimsy plastic ones too much and I thought the inflexible design would work better and catch more of the mess. The bib doesn't fit my baby while he's sitting in the highchair because the bib is too long and there isn't enough of a gap between my baby and the high chair tray for the bib to rest. It ends up resting at an angle on top of the tray. It also makes it impossible for himn to bend forward to reach food on his tray because this bib gets in the way. Overall I'm dissapointed with this purchase. I guess I'm stuck giving my baby a bath after every meal.
This was great until our LO outgrew the sling.  From about 3-5 months we couldn't position our LO regardless of the side we used.  He tried to roll off the sling so we had to remove it.  Whether he's on the infant or toddler side, every time he arches his back he slides and tries to lay flat but the dividers that are supposed to position and hold him in place jab him in the back.  It's actually left marks!  I'd look for something more rounded.
Too small for my dream on me mini crib mattress the fabric is a bit cheap looking overall would not recc
It's hard enough to move around when you are pregnant.. the first night I fell asleep great feeling snuggled, but then I had to get up and go to the bathroom.  several times.  I felt trapped in the thing and got really frustrated! Also, my husband could not fit in our queen sized bed.  We are totally average sized people.  I returned it right away.
One would think for 6$ a hook like this would be pretty sturdy? I don't live in NYC or anything, I only used the hook for maybe one bag at a time and not even everday, nothing too heavy and certainly no more than any mom would have to carry, but after only like three weeks it broke and became useless, it is just cheaply made. I will look for another brand, just a shame because for what it is I feel like the price tag should make it much nicer and when you buy a more expensive stroller (I use the city mini) they seem to have a worthless basket underneath and of course come with no accessories so these little things add up. Thought I sould review it so maybe another momma can avoid this one and buy a better brand :)
I bought this despite hearing that it is too hard, and now I wish I would have listened.  I am in the last half of my 2nd trimester, so maybe I'll use it more later, but for now it works best for back support when I'm sitting on the couch.  When I have used it for sleeping I wake up with a sore abdomen, because the wedge is hard.  I also have a snoogle pillow, and find that it works better alone, instead combined with the wedge.  I hope the manufacturer will improve upon this wedge by making it with a material more like memory foam, which would make it softer, but still supportive.  I am only 5'2", with a very short abdomen, so maybe the wedge made me sore because it went under my ribs, which were the most tender when I woke up.
I pressed and clicked the correct spot like it said in the directions and yet it still leaks. This was a problem because i used it on the kitchen counters for the first week. I had to put towels under it to absorb all the water. So i moved it upstairs to the bathtub and this way i don't have to worry about all the leaks. Really, who wants a tub that leaks???? My daughter is not yet sitting up on her own and yet she is too long to be reclined comfortably in this tub....so we are in an awkward transition phase. a phase that this tub doesn't suitably deal with. I wouldn't buy this tub.
It didn't seem strong enough to support my child's 30 pounds even though it is rated to 40.  And yes, I had the lip in front of the seat as instructed.  I wasn't confident enough in its support to use it beyond a fully-clothed trial run.
It does the job if you have a lot of time and patience. It does pump but you have to stop many times to adjust the pieces, otherwise it stops. I guess this is what you get for that money.
This item is one I have seen time and again on new mom's baby registries. I had this one and it worked for all of three months. we never really used it because just holding them in your had for  a minute really does the trick and you can save the twenty dollar item on something you really need and something that is actually useful. I have 4 sisters all of whom registered for this and all of them got everything on their registries but this item (they all had big registries with at least 89 items experienced moms were smart enough to realize it was a waste of money) Also the thing about them yellowing and drying out is true. and even putting them in 1/3 doesn't help. Adding a 1/2 cup water to it does, but then were back to ITS NOT WORTH IT!!!!!!!!! Just hold them in your hands for a minute and there you go instant heat up. Also if you have a summer baby the wipes will heat on their own with this summer we have been having. And most wipes when you open them up anymore aren't that cold at all.
This item is a WONDERFUL idea, but it has two key flaws:1) there isn't a continuous play mode!!  There are only two timed options (23 and 45 min), then the sound turns off.  My newborn needed the sound maintained continuously to STAY asleep, not just to FALL asleep.  Thus, we would have to keep pressing the button over and over, waking up ourselves when the sound would turn off to keep her from waking up - beyond annoying.2) the full-size model is enormous - you do not need anything larger than the "on-the-go" or travel model, so why make this so big?  To charge more, that's why.I gave it two stars because it has so much potential to be a fabulous product:--the sheep is adorable, soft, and it is great to be able to hang it from ANYWHERE with the velcro loop.  Plus, it is battery operated, which is a huge blessing (batteries are pre-installed, and are very long lasting - we did not replace ours over three+ months of use).--the way the sound "machine" is removable from the body of the sheep is ingenious.  This way, you can wash the sheep and reinsert the machine when dry.--LOVE the volume control:  it's a dial, so you have complete control (not just low and high like so many children's products today).--The rain sound is the closest to generic "white noise."--This model (the original, or larger model) has the heartbeat sound, crucial for newborns.This product would be perfect with a 1) continuous play mode and 2) a smaller size (e.g., the travel "on-the-go" size).  The latter, of course, would bring the price down equal to the travel size, which is what this product is worth, imo.Due to these factors, you are better off with Brookstone's sound machine, which has not only timed settings, but also continuous play, AND all the sounds you really need:  heartbeat, in-utero (weird sloshing sound with "glub-glubs"), white noise, automobile and more. It's not cute and plush (and you have to plug it in w/ battery backup), but is WORKS.
I have been searching for a way to keep my 3-year-old out of her closet, and so I was thrilled when I found this product.  However, it won't stay on the door.  First I tried the original sticker-thing that came with it.  No luck.  Then I tried gorilla glue.  Both the "lock" and the paint came off the closet door.  My husband says he will try drilling a hole in it and attaching it to the door with a screw.IF you can get it to stay on the door, it works great.  However, good luck getting it to stay!
I received this off my baby shower registry. Luckily, we we're over some really cushy carpet. The right latch (when facing forward) did NOT latch tight compared to the left one.My daughter fell out the right leg side, and hit the floor. If you own this, CHECK the strength of the left latch to the right.PLEASE just spend the extra dollar to get a carrier that has an actual locking mechanism. This thing kind of just slide latches into place and offers no real security. Please, please, please - invest in another one and if you own it check the integrity.I really can't stress this. Just check the strength, please? I don't want to read any other reviews besides mine of a baby falling from this carrier. You'll be able to tell if its faulty by just comparing how easily the left side comes undone to the right one. If they're both loose.. Than geez I don't know.Good luck.
I bought this mirror because it was far larger than the adjustable suction-cup mirror I had on the rear windshield of my car. I discovered negative #1 in the store: it uses a giant safety pin (as well as a strap) to attach to the seatback. My car has a leather interior, and the last thing I wanted to do was poke holes in the leather! I tried just using the strap, but that is supposed to go around the headrest, and there is no headrest for the center of the backseat, just the right and left sides. Since the safest place for a baby is in the headrest-less center, the strap was out. There was also a velcro tape that we could use to stick the mirror onto the seatback. The negatives there were a) sticky glue residue on the leather and b) when we need to fold down the rear seat for transporting bikes or something equally large, the rear seat would fold precisely right down where the mirror would be, so we'd be constantly removing it and the velcro tape and then reattaching it. Highly impractical for any vehicle with a leather interior or with a rear seat that folds down in the middle. I suppose it's okay for a fabric-covered seat or for  a small car that doesn't have fold-down rear seats, but for an SUV or minivan it's really not usable.
I took this out of the box and boy was it toooooo heavy. I dont know how you could use this... had to return it right away and i didnt even bother putting it together. too heavy.
I bought this item to hang onto the side of our pack n play. It didn't work for what we wanted, and we sent it back. Thanks to amazon's awesome return policy. If your looking for something like this for your pack n play, I'd recommend something else. This doesn't fit over the edge of the pack n play.
After trial and error with soothing and trying to get my baby down for naps and bedtime without crying and upset, I recently purchased the Sleep Sheep on the Go.  Reviews had stated that the regular one was a bit large and we didn't feel we needed the heartbeat for my 16 month old.  We love the sounds although the Whale recording is a short loop and not as good as we had hoped.  The problem is that the one we received does not shut off automatically at the 23 or 45 minute intervalls.  It also stopped working altogether and this happened the same day it arrived.  I am requesting a replacement but we are disappointed in its workmanship as my baby just loves her Sleep Sheep!
I really wish Baby Bjorn would have started messing with products that used to be so good...  I have a 9-year-old who had a similar bib when she was little, and we LOVED it.  It was much softer, and much larger.  It was completely round along the sides, without this weird S-shape, and it definitely caught more food.The newer models aren't as soft.  The funky closure mechanism always gets my baby's hair caught in it (ouch!), and worst of all, the cut-out shape means food now ends up all around the bib, and not in the bib pocket where it should go.  All my baby has to do is turn his head sideways to mess up.On the bright side, these bibs do wash really well.  I've even stuck them in the dishwasher, and they came out just fine.So here's my plea to Baby Bjorn: RETURN YOUR OLD BIB STYLE BACK, PLEASE.  They used to be much much better.
To start, I noticed that a lot of people have complained that they received fake Sophies. I'm pretty sure we got a real one, and my son really does love to chew on it. He's 7 months old, and has been using it off and on since he was about 3.5 months old.My son is not allergic to latex, but we have been told to use "latex precautions" with him, since he is at risk for developing the allergy. So, my biggest complaint is that Sophie does contain latex, in fact, she's made of latex. When I purchased this on Amazon as a new mum, I was sleep deprived and it didn't even occur to me that this toy was made of rubber (read: latex). I also didn't realize that it squeaks (which is a big no no around our dog). With the squeaking, Sophie ended up being a car/stroller only toy. Since baby boy loves her so much, it would break my heart to take her away completely, and I guess I feel a little better about the latex with much more limited exposure. I really wish it had been more clear up front when I purchased it, though. I would never have given this toy to my son.All that said, baby boy's eyes totally light up when he sees Sophie, especially if it's been a few days. The legs and feet are the perfect size for teething. He also loves to chew on her ears and horns. It is a great teether, just not for us.
This product is basically an expensive toy - not a walker - if you don't have carpet. We have a rug in one room of our house (the nursery) and that is the only place where it's not completely out of control with its movements. On hardwood or tile, it looks like it's on ice. It goes from side to side and looks like a drunk driver swerving all over the place. Also, the brakes (ha) are USELESS. They stop the back wheels, but the front wheels still roll, so my baby was still able to fully push it at the same speed as before, only this time, a pebble under one of the tires scratched our floors because the back tires were stationary. For how much this cost, it should come with rubber tires. Also, when my daughter went to sit down after trying to walk with it - while still holding onto the bar - it tipped and the bar hit her in the bridge of her nose. She was able to walk fast and semi-well if I was holding on to the walker to steady it, but why get a walker if I am going to just keep bending down to help? I might as well keep helping her walk myself!
I wanted to like this because I'm all about my baby having a clean nose, but the rounded tips make it hard to see what I'm getting at in his nose. The rounded tips are a safety feature; I understand, but I just can't seem to work around them. Maybe I'm doing something wrong. Or maybe my baby's nostrils are too small; he's currently 6-months-old, but I've been trying to use this since he was a newborn. Anyway, it still sits in his little hygiene bag, but I don't use it at all. Instead, I either just use my pinky or theBaby Vac Nasal Aspirator 2012 Modelaspirator (with saline) to get those boogers out.
We got this as a gift for our baby and I am SO happy we did not pay for it! This product is awful. The design on the tin leaves much to be desired (as a professional artist I'd like to know who did the awful typeset!) but that's the least of this product's problems. The real problem is the plaster, and after reading reviews on here beforehand, I completely agree with the bad ones. We followed the instructions **very carefully** and the mixture was a complete failure! We mixed it continuously for about 15 minutes and it did not turn into a "toothpaste consistency" until we let it sit for 10 minutes. The water kept floating to the top so we had to mix it occasionally while it sat. When it was "ready" and a "toothpaste consistency" we took baby's hand to it and she was actually pretty cooperative. We pressed the hand and each finger into the plaster and got NOTHING! The plaster was in no way too hard, it was the right consistency for an imprint but we could not get one of her little hand. We gave up after 6 tries (baby was frustrated by then) and I tossed the plaster in the trash. I saved the tin so I might try buying some clay that can be baked and will harden. Don't waste your money on this garbage! And the insert from the manufacturer saying they'll ship you another little packet of plaster for $5.00 ... what a joke! Not worth that. Save your money, this product is so frustrating and disappointing it will have you near tears!
I purchased 3 different guards at once and I sent them all back!! Not one of them worked - this was the most expensive of the 3 and you can still push buttons through it!!I have now made my own guards out of clear dvd cases - works better than this junk!!
This yellows after a month and warps. And note that I do not heat them at all. I just wash with soap and water.
Yes, it is light weight and folds up compactly but everything else about it I hate.  I am 5'4&#34; and still kick the back wheels often, the red safety lock does not snap easily, in fact, it broke in less than a month of using.  The brakes (front or back) do not lock well.  The canopy got lopsided at one point after it folded up.  It does not recline (I know it says it does, but it really just unzipping the back of the seat).  And the buckle is difficult to click and lock in.  I also have a Bob Revolution for hikes on trails and in parks, and love it.  But we live in San Francisco so I need something light and easy to get around town with my little guy.  I am returning this one, and going to suck it up and spend double of the money to buy an Uppababy G-luxe for everyday use, and we will see how that one is going to go...
These are quite oversized, so if your knobs are close together they don't work at all since you can't even put them all one at once.
The playtex bottles were highly recommended to me by another mom I know, but they suck! Dr. Brown's are so much better. The playtex nipples are much tougher, where as dr brown's are softer and feel more natural.
This is the most boring thing one can have in the nursery! Waiting for it to fall and break and buy a different one.Although looks arent of concern then its a good buy!
Really really wish the numbers and markings were bigger - too tiny to read really.  Other than that these are great for pumping and storing.
Another MUST HAVE I was told. I think not. Pillows are much more effective in my opinion to prop up the baby while nursing. The boppy just wasn't comfortable for me, it was too stiff. I didn't feel like it really fit me - and I am not a big woman - size 8 before pregnancy, size 10-12 while nursing. I really think it is overrated and not necessary.I have heard good things about "my breast friend" I might try that one next time. But still felt like the pillows did the trick.
Once again the world of baby gates shows that they have very little grasp on how real live houses are built. I bought this gate for the "adjustable" feature - I have baseboards throughout the house and needed a gate that could handle those. I thought I had found the gate. Brought it home and discovered the adjustment is available only on one side - rendering it useless. How difficult would it have been to make both sides adjustable? How often is there baseboarding on only one side of an opening? This design strikes me as a good idea but the execution is ridiculously bad.  The designers apparently sacrified the 'adjustable' feature of the gate in order to make it both pressure- and wall-mounted.  That was a very poor trade-off in my opinion.  It's so hard to find gates that can handle uneven fixture points; this gate should have stuck to that feature alone.Most irksome is that the product's packaging intentionally obscures the non-adjustable side so you can't see it's non-adjustable. I thought that was sleazy. This gate is going back tomorrow.
I bought this one day in a pinch when I was at work and had forgotten a crucial piece of my electric pump. I do like the flanges on this one but otherwise I am terribly sad that my Ameda manual pump broke, since it was so much sturdier. This Medela pump comes apart a lot due to the rubber bit between the handle and the flange is always slipping and is so hard to get back together. Also the handle is massive and a it cumbersome to use. I guess the idea was that you could pump with one hand but this is always a two handed affair for me. it does an OK job if I am very full but the performance is too spotty. I am at 11 months and while I am going to stop pumping at work, I still anticipate having to pump occasionally since I am going to leave my babe to wean when he wants to. Will have look around for a better manual pump that doesn't slip and slide all over the place!
I love the look and feel of this hat, but my five-month old baby's normal sized head gets squeezed very tightly by it. I'm still trying to figure out how to stretch it out without ruining it. I should have listened to the other reviews that also mentioned how tight this hat is.
We used lvl 1 nipples on our evenflo, avent, and Medela bottles with no problems.  These level 2s leaked in all of our bottles.  We aren't using the evenflo bottles anymore since she drinks more than 4oz at a time now.  At any rate, they're leaking and I've thrown them out. :o(
When I misplaced my Sippy Stuff brushes during my recent move I decided to get these due to all of the positive reviews. I have to say, I am terribly disappointed. These brushes are so much more flimsy than expected and they don't go all the way through the straws like my other one did. The bristles also come apart after a few uses. Take my advice, skip this one. If you are looking to buy a quality bottle and straw brush get theSippy Stuff Straw Cleaning Brush (2-Pack)and thePhilips AVENT BPA-Free Bottle Brush. I guarantee, you won't need to buy another bottle brush (no matter what type of bottle you get) for years. I've had the Avent since my first child (2008) and the Sippy Stuff since 2009 and both held up really well over the years. I've decided to count this purchase as a loss and buy the SS brush that I'm used to. I've seen countless brushes come and go in my house in the past but these two really stand the test of time. I give the Dr brown brush 2 stars and not 1 because it works if you are looking for something more disposable.
We purchased this mobile after seeing all the rave reviews on Amazon. Unfortunately, I guess we're in the minority. When the mobile arrived the music worked but the motor did not. We had to take it apart and fix it before we could get it to turn. Then, one of the leaves wouldn't work correctly (it stayed stuck in the up position unless you manually tapped on it). I also agree with other reviews about the music being a little too quiet. It's too bad because our daughter did seem to enjoy watching it turn. Anyway, this was a return item for us.
Waste my $$$!!..Can fit but water keep leaking out fr the rubber ring..Cannot return because it is openedI am stuck with it.. but I like the hippo.. kinda cuteWont recommend to anyone
I really wanted to like this mat and elbow pad set. Unfortunately, we have a really deep tub, so the sides are tall and the cute little piece in between the elbow pad and mat isn't long enough. I use it, detached from the mat on the bottom because it does save my knees, but I can't use the net because now it is flimsy without the bottom attached and won't hold anything. So, if you have a deep tub, just get the bottom part, otherwise, it will just be a waste of money.
Mine didn't work from day 1! But we kept it anyway, my son still likes to play with it. it makes a cute bath toy, but nothing else.
I received an envelope with three small disks in it just as another reviewer did. There was nothing else in the envelope just the three disks. I was also surprised how lacking they were, they really do look like the free disks you get from some places. However, the smell is good but I am not sure how they will work in the nursery for our daughters diaper pail since she is not here yet. They are not very strong so I hope they will be able to mask the odor from her diapers. I am glad they were so inexpensive so I don't really feel like I wasted much money if they don't work.
We found this to be useless...not because it's a bad product but rather why waste the money when a bath sponge will do. My baby loves to bathe and lays very calmly in the bath. But she gets cold easily so we bought a big bath sponge instead. We lay her on it and she stays much warmer. The best part is that the sponge is less than $4 and you can use it anywhere- the kitchen sink, tub, etc.
This pump advertises that it's design stimulates let-down, and that is not the case. This pump will pull and tug at your nipple just as much as the next one, and because it's clear, you can see how much of your PRECIOUS breastmilk has been lost and stuck in the mechanical aspects of the pump. You'd have more volume and less pain if you hand-express.
Follow the instructions to the letter - this product will still smell bad after a few uses.  I HATE IT!!!  I've gone through 3 bathing things so far - and this is my least favorite.  First, it doesn't have much elevation for newborns.  Second, it gets heavy once it's wet and flattens.Alternate product recommendation - Sure Comfort Tub by The First Years.... now THAT is a good baby bathtub!!!
My 6 month old is a cranky eater (we cant feed her fast enough) so we didn't think much of her crying tonight at supper, though she was crying harder than usual. When we started to remove the lap tray we noticed she had jammed two of her fingers between the tray and the washable insert - they were swollen and I could tell she had lost feeling in them, she also had serious indentations in her fingers that were already turning blue. She was hysterical when I got her out, presumably because the feeling started coming back in her fingers.  I felt AWFUL. This happened because the insert only secures to the tray in one spot and she happened to wedge her fingers in right by that spot. If it secured in more than one place, this wouldn't have happened.I will simply toss the insert to remedy the problem but I don't want any other Little's to go through this!
I finally got the mattress cover, washed it per the instructions....and it shrunk! Could barely get it on the mattress. Very disappointing.
I have been using this mirror for about a month and a half.  About a week ago--the mirror started to (what I thought was)fog.  I touched the mirror and it wasn't fog.  I am in the process of trying to find the contact information to complain right to the company.  I can't even see my daughter now because the mirror is coated with something which won't come off.  I am frequently in stop and go traffic so it is nice to know what she is doing back there. I wouldn't buy this product again.
We bought this for our infant carrier and it hangs very low and close to our baby's face. The clip also slips and does not hold on tightly to the bar, and the velcro is not secure enough to rely on alone.We also thought it would be good to hang on our pack n' play, but it is too heavy to clip on anything. We returned it and found that just hanging little animals on the bar are better than swinging a heavy mobile an inch or two from her face!
my baby would not latch starting day 3 so I started using the nipple shield as a temporary solution, because the baby latched right on to it and the &#34;contact&#34; is definitely the best one out there. however, he would not ween off of it and latch to my nipple after weeks of trying. breastfeeding also became extremely painful with the shield on or off. my boy is now 8 weeks, i have seen multiple lactation consultants, my midwives & doctors, i have gotten his tongue tie clipped, been treated for everything under the sun and still no latch! i think that the nipple shield delayed proper treatment and allowed him to develop a preference for artificial nipples. although i'm still trying to breastfeed daily i usually use a bottle... still hopeful!
The suction cup at the bottom really is there to prevent it from tipping or moving with gentle movements. Not by a determined infant.
This item does not work on any table that has any kind of skirt. After many reviews saying that it did I ordered 2 for my two children. The is only about a 3 1/2 inch gap to maneuver the chair under the side and skirt of the table. I've read many reviews saying that people were able to use it over a table skirt as shown in the picture of this product but haven't the slightest clue how they were able to get the chair under the skirt. I am very disappointed and will be going with a different product.
I bought this potty when my LO was 10 months old, when i tryed to put hir on it she thought that its a toy, she wanted to play with it. I have been trying everyday for 2 months and she never did anything in it. Now she is 12 months old and its already small for her, she cup inside is very tine and when she eventually did pee in it she were all wet. Looks cute but  very uncomfortable potty. I dont recommend it.
I wanted a nursing pillow to prop up my reflux baby, and this one did not do the job.  The stuffing is so soft baby sinks into it.  Its much smaller than it appears and has no belts or anything to go around you, its literally a pillow.  The breast friend with a pillow stuffed under it does a much better job.
My son liked the monkey, but after two days in the house (I.e., no real use), the seam at the neck broke open, leaving the stuffing exposed. I may have just gotten a dud, but this is going back.
You might as well glue a foam pool noodle to the crib rail, becuase this thing doesn't stick. Seeing that others have had problems with these not sticking, I figured that they couldn't be manufactured that poorly and that others were maybe not cleaning the rail well enough before applying. I was wrong. These don't stick without the help of your adhesive of choice.
I requested this item on my baby registry. It is beautiful and is very easy to assemble. The main problem I have is the speed, which is almost as important as the construction of the swing. There seems to be no middle groud between not moving and light speed. The instructions actual say that if you have a ligher childer, which I did, that you should put a towel behind the swing to create some drag and slow it down. I did try beacuse I wanted to make sure I exhausted all methods of using the swing. The tray does not come off easliy and my daughterr never enjoyed this lovely swing.
I was a little apprehensive to buy another Fisher-Price crib toy since both mobiles we got had issues. However, this was so cute I couldn't resist. The lights and movement really do seem to mesmerize my little guy. Almost immediately the fish stopped bubbling and moving... not a big deal. But now it makes an incredibly loud chirping sound. It seems to be the motor. Customer service at Fisher Price is good... they always seem willing to replace defective products. However, we have to wait for them to send us a shipping label and then wait until they receive the defective one until they will ship out a new one. I think we'll try a different brand in the meantime...
If you buy it, just DON'T put it in the dishwasher.  It says top rack safe - it LIES.I had such high hopes for this catcher.  It had lots of high praise, and it looked very sturdy.  The package said it was top rack dishwasher safe, so before the first use I ran it through the dishwasher.  It came out with three of the "petal" things on top curled inward, so now it's completely useless as a snack catcher.  We never even got to use it!  I had bought this to replace my old brand which was hand wash only.  I wish I could take it back to the store, but since the packaging and receipt are long gone I guess I am stuck with this useless piece of junk.  Huge waste of money.
I bought the KidCo baby food processor and ice cube trays so this dish is nice in that you can dump the frozen food right into it and it fits perfectly. But $7? I don't know...it seems a little overrated for what it is. My baby has also recently gone on a homemade food strike so it's not getting a lot of use. Hopefully this is just a phase she is going through. I'm a stay at home mom, but if you took your baby to day care it would probably be pretty handy if you use the KidCo system to leave food with them during the day.
I got this for my four month old who hates tummy time. It helped him like it a little better, but he often prefers to just lie on a play mat or on the carpet. My main complaint is that it smells very strong, like a pool raft. It smelled terrible when we first got it out of the package, but now we've had it for a month and it still stinks (not as strongly though). When my son gets tired of holding his head up, he lays his head down and mouths the mat. It smells so strongly of chemicals that I don't want him to do that, so I have to constantly be right at his side ready to put my hand down so he can't mouth it. It'd be a great product if it weren't so chemical-y, but I barely use it.
This monitor was terrible.  Even with the volume turned all the way up we couldn't hear our baby- Sometimes he would cry and we would hear him from the other room but the monitor wasn't registering it.  We exchanged it for a Fisher Price Aquarium Monitor- also terrible, a real waste of money.  We now have the Fisher Price 900 mhz and it is THE BEST monitor!  We have a 14 mo. old daughter and a 3 mo. old son- we love this monitor so much that we bought it for both kids.  It is so sensitive we can even hear the babies breathing- the reception is crystal clear.  Don't waste your money on this one- buy the Fisher Price 900 mhz.
I purchased the Select-a-Show-Soother for my 6 month old Grandson. Unless you have a very light painted room and ceiling, don't bother purchasing this product. The designs will not show up on dark walls and even if your ceiling is painted white, the images are still fuzzy. It is also perplexing to find a place to sit this product AND allow the baby to actually see the designs that will show up on the ceiling/wall. There should be more slides that come with the product or the availability to purchase more slides according to the baby's age.The good points of this product are that it tilts so that one can TRY to find a space for the lights to project and you have 4 choices of music to choose from. The music is soothing.
Unfortunately you cannot tell from the picture, but this product is not well designed. It projects far out from the wall, and cannot accommodate any plugs larger than a two prong (meaning non grounded) table lamp cord. Anything like a power strip, laptop cord, etc, will not even be able to be plugged in because the casing blocks it. In addition, the slot to feed the cord through to exit the device is also very small and fits almost none of the electronics in my house. It also sits on top of the outlet cover, so there is no way to really secure it tightly and it can rotate a bit.
I wanted this breastpump because I am a huge Avent customer.  Unfortunatley, breast milk always got between the suction and the funnel (which enables the breastpump to pump).  If you're going to spend money, then spend it on a more accurate pump.
I bought this wanting to see my son in a rear-facing carseat. First, I couldn't properly secure it with either the latch or velcro. Since we have a jeep grand cherokee and he was in the middle of the backseat there was no place to attach it. I finally managed to rig something up though but after just a short time the mirror surface was fogging and unclear. I certainly couldn't see him in the tiny rearview mirror attachment.
My friend bought me this pillow as a gift.  I was so sad to report to her that when I opened the package, the stench of industrial chemicals almost knocked me out.  Upon further investigation (googling it and seeing other reviewers) I see why...this pillow is full of toxic chemicals. If you take off the cover, you can see that it the foam glued together with some gloppy, stinky, yellow gunk. I can't believe it is even legal to have this thing near a baby! What is this world coming to.
I should have known it wasn't going to work when I opened the package and it had velcro as the main fastening method. I followed the instructions and put both wedges put on my double pane window. If you are a 3 year old, you probably won't be able to force it open but with any little bit of strength and shove, it comes right off the velcro. I wish I could return it but I threw away all the packaging. Maybe I can use it for my little girl's playhouse to keep its window secure. I just went to Home Depot and bought one of those hand screw metal locks for $2 and it's 100% better than this crap.
I had high hopes for these little guys but no such luck. Easy packaging literally open and they are ready to go. I put one on my bathroom door and it worked to prevent it slamming on my son's fingers, but it left the gap at the other side of the door where the hinges are, where he eventually worked his way over and CRUNCH slammed them in there instead. :(I am sure these were designed for the one option on the door and they work for that, but they did not address the other side and for that I give it a 2 star.I have since removed them and found that my daughter uses them as elf ears for dress up. awesome.
My daughter didn't take to these at all. She got frustrated quickly.  These did help with pain while she was trying to latch on but since she would only make a few attempts before she was in hysterics we didn't use them. I am now exclusively pumping and bottle feeding. Works better for us and much less pain for me!
My baby got outgrown of this tub when she was 1 yr old. She sat at the "toddler" side when she was about 3 months old. She is now 31 inches and can barely fit in there anymore. Her legs have to curled up when she is sitting in the tub. There is no space for her to kick the water for  fun. She likes to turn around and reach for the faucet and when she does that, the tub tips over. We have to watch her closely and put one hand to support where she leans on or she would fall out from the tub. It is ok for a newborn but it is no ideal for a big baby, don't mention a "toddler".
I bought this product based on the rave reviews and they were terrible! My 3-month old twins are not drooling yet, just using them for regular bottle feed and it soaks thru so quickly. Unless I got a batch of defected bibs, they really are no better than paper napkins...
I purchased 2 packs of these pads with my first child 4 years ago. I really liked them and with my second, I needed one more pack due to a few being lost in the years in between. They still come in a great washable mesh bag, but the new pads are smaller and using very different materials than my first sets. I do not like this new style,OLD Version:4.5" diameterPoly lace exteriorJersey knit interior (only negative- it feels wet quickly)Overall very absorbentMolds to breast shape to create a concave pad interiorNEW Version:~4" diameterPoly lace exteriorFlannel interior (positive- it doesn't feel wet)Thin and not very absorbentStays in a flat shape and doesn't mold to breast shapeThe only plus with this last set is the flannel interior. Overall I do not like the smaller size and don't think these are nearly as absorbent as the older sets that I have. I will keep these as my emergency pads while my older sets will remain my everyday choice.
These are just too thin to be used as diapers.  They are also a strange shape which makes them difficult to fold to be used as diapers.  I don't use them.  They are just sitting in a drawer.  I think I will try to use them as burp cloths as they are useless to me right now.
My Newborn baby(who came long and about 8 pounds) dropped in the sling to the bottom hitting the stupid bump and when we remove the sling the stupid bump made it 'again' hard for us to adjust our son in the tub , this tub is not right for you if ur baby isn't small or tiny !We are not pleased with this tub Surely because of the BUMP!! it might be a good tub if the remove the bump and change the quality of the sling to make tighter so it will be much safer
After 12 months, our changing pad has cracks all over the plastic surface of the changing pad, some as big as 2" in length.  I suspect in a couple more months we will have to change the pad, once the padding starts to come out.  Very disappointing.
This thing is junk and a waste of space. It does not twist correctly. The inside also smells like pee and poop no matter how much I clean it. Don't waste the money.
the only reason i'm giving this two stars is that it actually does puree foods, especially meats, which i found important.  this is only accomplsiehd with the turbo setting, though.  i thought i read that it had  3 pieces, so i thought it would be easy for clean up, but really, there are 6 pieces: rubber stand, actual bowl, blades, safety clip over blades, lid, and motor.  it's also going to be a pain to clean because i can see how a lot of food will get stuck in the blade and safety clip and it would be impossible to clean unless you went through with a pipe cleaner.  there are tons of little nooks and crannies for mold to build up and that it is not what you want to use to puree your baby's food.  also, i pureed rice and veggies with some broth and all the hot broth came splashing out of it, so it isn't even rubber tight.i just don't recommend this product.  i've tried the beaba, the boon mush, now the kidco mill, and none of them surpasses the livart mini blender.  it's kind of like a magic bullet but of much superior quality.  i would recommend using something of the sort, there are only two pieces to clean - the blades, and the cup.  i make all of my own baby food and haven't found anything that works better.i'll be returning this, also.
I was never fond of this even with the first use.  The baby sling never stayed in place and i was constantly adjusting the sling and baby.  When i moved to the bath ring it's plastic edges are sharp and usually scratched him while he moved around.  It doesn't colapse or open easily leaving a large tub.  The only time i was happy with it was once he was old enough to sit in the full tub which is when this isn't needed.
I bought these just to compare them to my Bumkins and Bummis prefolds and they turned out to be not as absorbent as either. I used them a couple of times and have just decided to put them in storage. They are also impossible to use with the snappis fastner. Definitely not usable overnight.
I was excited to get this item, but it broke  during the first use and the amount of weight was not the issue. It was a bummer.
The sheep is cute and cuddly to begin with, however I find it that its price is rather steep for a soft toy that only plays nature sounds. I would rather top up more to buy a musical mobile that can play a few types of music such as lullabies, classical and some even comes with nature sounds too. My newborn is much more responsive to a musical mobile as compared to the Cloud B sheep.
I've had this since pre baby and he's been using it for more than a year.  It's okay.  I get annoyed because it flashes between C and F and so you have to wait to read the one you know (only 2 seconds but..) but by far the biggest issue that that there is no off switch.  I believe it's gotten worst with time, but after you take it out of the water, it cools off enough to need to warn you its below 90D.  Well then it continues to warn you outside the bath for WAY too long.  I'd say up to an hour at time.  You can shake it and blow of it and get it to turn off - takes too much effort.  But I'm looking for another one.UPDATE: Still takes a while, is very annoying, but couldn't find anything that looks better. oh well.
Our son was not a large baby, but he grew out of this tub within 3 months.  He also hated the sling that came with it.  The main problem we found was that our little guy was able to catapult himself upwards so easily when he would kick against the part of the tub that holds the washcloth/soap/etc.  This was not safe.  On top of that, he never seemed comfy.  We ended up buying the Primo Eurobath and it's perfect!  Bulky but a great tub.  I wish I'd registered for that one in the first place.  This Sure Comfort one was a waste of money, in my opinion.
I have tried several types of pads and these are the worst! They are very small, thick, and do not hold much, causing them to overflow and leak. I'd recommend the Gerber pads.
Bought an used Ipod touch instead.  Downloaded whitenoise app.  Worked better.  this was not loud enough.  Was not impressed at all.
My 2 year old loves Dora.  These are too small to really even hold water to squirt.  Disappointing. She's completely uninterested.
First of all, the item pictures shows twice as many as you really get. you only get 8, i was expecting more. they fit together in a very odd way, and young children will have a difficult time figuring out how exactly which part goes in which as well as actually pushing them together. they're sturdy but the hard plastic is tough for even my 3 yr old to push together. its really awkward. these are nothing like the beads that are for regular play which are a harder plastic and its easy for a baby to figure out which part goes into which.also you have to worry about the black mold/mildew that collects when you have bath toys like this. they cannot properly dry after use and this nasty stuff collects and there isn't any real good way of cleaning it out.
I regret buying this, it seemed so convenient to have all the listed items in one package, but it is just poorly manufactured items, and there are much better items out there. Just buy them separately because you will end up doing that anyways if you buy this set.
I bought this in blue and pink for my boy/girl twins and I'm very disappointed.  The hand print/footprint kits are okay, though I wish it came with more cards for mistakes since it took us many tries to get a good print for either baby.  I like that there's a place for a picture and hand print/footprint on the cover.  I don't like how the pages don't lay down nicely and you have to bed the page to get it to lay flat.  This is especially a problem since the places for pictures are on the back sides of the pages and if you're using photo corners to add a picture, you really need the page to lay flat.  I also wish there were more prompts for things like baby's first ______.I'm going to get rid of these and use Hallmark's baby book instead.  It has more prompts, it's has three ring binding so the pages lay flat, and there are places for pictures on both sides of the pages.  This book, unfortunately, made for an expensive hand print/footprint kit since it's going in the trash!
I got this for our LO because the baby gym was one of the items from our registry/shower that we didn't receive. I figured he would not really need anything special until he can grab at them, etc at first so this would be fine. I was wrong, the hippo is cute and my LO does like to stare at the hanging animals but it a piece of junk, the bar falls over forward and if I was not sitting there watching him it would hit my LO in the head! It is nice that it all zippers into itself but overall I would say to take the $20 and put it towards one of the $50 play mats like the tiny love mat or the FP rain forest one that seem to be safer and have great reviews.
I thought this would be a wonderful way to be nice to our baby with the warmer wipes but it seems like they feel good when I initially open the door and get the wipe but it seems like they are already cold again by the time I start using it on the baby.  Also the bottom few wipes always seem to get dry and brown so we waste a few wipes with each refill.  It's an OK product but if I wouldn't buy it again.
I had this seat for about 2.5 years.  At first, I loved it.  Then the straps started getting harder and harder to adjust.  It would take both my husband and I pulling on it to get them to budge and even then we could not get them tight enough to really be considered safe.  I called Britax  (they have the best customer service), I explained my situation and they agreed to replace my seat free of charge with either a Marathon or Boulvard.  I chose the Boulevard and I am so happy that I did.  It is a fantastic seat and I would highly recommend that anyone looking at this seat consider the Boulevard instead.  It is only slightly  more expensive but it is much nicer.  I also have the Regent which is another fantastic seat and I would highly recommend that seat to anyone with room in their car (because it is huge) and with a child over the age of 1 - it is forward facing only.  Britax is the best but unfortunately there is a design flaw in this seat in the way that the buckle is made.
I took the booster seat out of the box & put the strap over my should & the strap broke loose from the base. Looks like the thread used to seal the strap into the base broke free. I had to redo the strap & secure it.Poor quality to have it break 5 mins out of the box.
I was excited when my husband brought it home since I had read some good reviews, however after placing my son in it his chin was on his chest and not comfortable for him at all. Also the material was  in his face. I followed directions and thought I had it right, mabye they should send out someone to show me how it works. I gave it a 2 since it is stylish & I hope it works in a few weeks when my son can hold his head up and he can sit in it...we'll see. Wish I had saved my receipt!
I've heard some say this is the best warmer available.  If so, parents are S.O.L. Heating is SO inconsistent. Same amount of water with the same amount of milk will produce a different temperature every single time.  Sometimes way too cold and sometimes way too hot. When the heating indicator light turns off you must be right there to pull the bottle out or it will continue to significantly warm the bottle without any water medium.  Be sure to loosen your bottles cap during heating and check to see that the travel disc is not in place.  Otherwise, the bottles (esp. Brown's) will overflow.  If that happens cleaning the inside of the warmer is a major hassle because the milk will have burned onto the heating plate. The carrier is too short for Mr. Brown 8oz. bottles or any other of similar height. The tubes provided to premeasure water are a joke. The caps are so hard to close and open you need two really strong hands and maybe multiple tools to shut or flip the tops open.  Of course, you will likely be holding your crying and squirming baby in one arm while trying to do open the cap and not spill all the water. They tried to get fancy with the shape of the tubes and cap they forgot to make them easy to use.I just can't believe that someone can't design a better "mouse trap".To add insult to injury, the taps on the handle that are supposed to hold the top of the bottle storage compartment just broke off...(picture provided by Amazon is not the current model.  refer to the pictures posted by other shoppers)
A friend of a friend installed these on all her windows thinking she made her blinds safe.  Two month later, her 2 year old son was able to get the cord out of the cord windup device.  He ended up hanging himself on the cords and died.  He was supposed to be taking a nap.  It is safer to spend the money and go CORDLESS!!!  But if you must keep your corded blinds, get the Fashion Wand (approved by PFWBS).  Go to Parents for Window Blind Safety (PFWBS) website and read all the testimonials of kids who died or were severely injured by blind cords.  Watch the videos they have of kids bypassing or breaking safety devices on cords in less than 30 seconds.  And then decide if you want to install a safety kit or remove the danger altogether.  If she could go back 1 year ago, she would take down every corded blind in her home so she'd still have her son with her.
I got this pale b/c it was cheap. Yes you can use any bag for it but it doesn't hide the smell and the lid slams down on its own almost catching my fingers while I'm changing the bag. So unless you like a smelly house and have 3 arms to change a bag dont buy!!
I normally can't get enough of Lamaze toys.  They are usually wonderful baby and toddler toys, but this particular one disappointed me slightly.  First of all, the music is very quiet and electronic sounding.  It sounds like the music you might get from a cheap toy at the dollar store.  There is also no way to replace the battery, so when it stops it's done for good.  The textures and rattles are great, but other toys have these as well.  I would recommend a different Lamaze toy.
I choose these bottles because they are very popular but then realized that the size of them are so large that the baby never really seems to be able to get a good hold on them. I started bottle feeding at 6 months and ended up having to switch and buy an entire new line. After my son turned 1 began to wean him off the bottle and introduced the avent bottles again just to see if he could hold it and it was still way to large for him..... I guess these bottles would work if you plan on bottle feeding a toddler with big hands
I thought that these would be great, to be able to just wash them and reuse them. Don't have to worry about running out, etc. etc. No first of all, they stick to your nipples which is THE LAST thing you want when you have sore nipples. It was similar to pulling a bandaid off of my sore nipples. OUCH. Plus, I used lanolin, etc to help soothe my nipples and the pad just wicked it away and looked gross, so I had to change them more often than I would have liked. All in all, a waste of money for me.
I chose this item because Amazon suggested that this was a good choice and was frequently bought together with the Graco Pack and Play and The American Baby Play-yard sheet.  Needless to say it doesn't even remotely fit the pack and play pad (way too small) and of course the item has been washed and packaging thrown away so no opportunity to return.I will say however that the pad feels nice - I only wish it was in fact the right size.
This duck was one of the reasons my child hated baths for her first three months -- we used this duck to determine what temperature to use and against our better judgement, we followed it and shocked our child with cold water.This duck says it will turn hot at 104 degrees, but for us, it turned at water in the 80s....WAY too cold.Ignore the duck, use your judgement (when I tested what I thought was good temp water, it was right on the money).Ironically, my child LOVES this duck now -- it's her favorite bath toy by far (she literally squeals with joy when she sees it). It's great because it doesn't have any holes to collect water in and grow mold like squirting toys.
We had this product less than a year before we switched to the diaper champ. It was fine at first before we fed our baby to solids. The smell would leak out. We clean the diaper genie every week. Maybe the reason the smell was quite strong was becuase we just use it for the BM diapers and regulars trash can for the other diapers that way we would not have to constanly buy refills.It's not a bad prouduct, I suggest emptying it out daily. I would strongly reccommend buying the diaper champ keeps out the smell.
I washed this book in cold water in our washer on delicate cycle. Not to label directions. Who makes a cloth book that you can't wash thoroughly, that your child will drool, chew and drop on the ground? I was appalled to see how faded the book became once it air dried. My child was sucking on the corner of that book. How much dye was she ingesting? What other substances/chemicals were in the books pages? I am not pleased with this and will not buy Manhattan Toy cloth books in the future.
We brought these nipples based on all the raving reviews and write up's online.  However our newborn is now here and wasn't putting on enough weight.  Our pediatrician told us these are the worse brand of bottles on the market for newborns and shouldn't be used until the baby is at least 5 months old.  The reason for this is because the nipple is too large for a newborn to latch on to and they're unable to get enough.  We are now using the Medela nipples instead and he's feeding so much better.
When my hand-me-down Diaper Genie broke, I bought a Diaper Champ. I figured I'd save some money not having to buy the Diaper Genie refills. While I was happy about being able to use regular trash bags, that was all that really impressed me with the Diaper Champ.The odor protection of the Diaper Champ really leaves something to be desired. My son's room smelled very badly, even when I changed the pail every day.Changing the Diaper Champ really isn't a pleasant experience. Not only does the odor of multiple nasty diapers spew forth (nothing is sealed) when you open the lid to change the trash bag, but the trash bag is somewhat difficult to position correctly.Well, I'm back to using a Diaper Genie, and my son's room smells just fine. Save your money and buy something other than the Diaper Champ the first time around.
If I could give this product less than 1 star, I would.  My Mom told me that all's I needed was a grinder to feed my baby, so I bought this one.  It never ground up a single piece of food.  My Mom was convinced that maybe I was doing it wrong and she had the same experience. Her reaction was "they just don't make things they way they use to."  It was a waist of money and after many attempts, it ended up in the trash.  We ended up using a fork to mash soft foods and a small food processor for bigger stuff.  My next baby, I hope to invest in the Beaba Baby Cooker.
First of all, I've had it for probably 9 months now and doesn't seem to be anywhere near breaking.Unfortunately, when you turn it on, that's it; it's on.There's no flow or time button. For instance, if the bubbles came out at a slower pace, and then would run for about 10 seconds and then waited a minute, then started again, that would be AWESOME! However, it doesn't. It's on/off and at a moderate pace which is just too much.Overall, waste of money. If redesigned, then I would spend more money.
I bought this pillow after reading all the positive reviews here.  I saw the few negative reviews, but decided to disregard them.  Big mistake!  This product is completely awful.I am 6.5 months pregnant and was having a lot of trouble sleeping.  I was using three pillows and trying to steal my husband's, too.  The three pillows weren't bad, they helped, but every time I rolled over I had to readjust all of them.  I thought this body pillow would help that, and I wouldn't wake up so much when I had to turn over.It didn't work.  Here's why:1 - The fabric covering this pillow is just vile.  It's a sort of sticky-feeling polyester that doesn't breathe at all and feels horrible against my skin.  I just couldn't stand it.  I tried wrapping the pillow up in a sheet to get it away from me, but that didn't help because there were so many other issues with it.2 - It's sewn into a very tight U-shape - there is little flexibility.  It was too close to the sides of my body (I am not a large person), and there was no way to push it away.  That also made it too hot.  I tried putting the pillow in every position possible, and I did read the instructions, but nothing helped.  It just wasn't comfortable.3 - It made my shoulders hurt.  When you are on your side, there is nowhere for your bottom arm to go but under the pillow.  But the pillow is heavy, and your head is also on the pillow, so that arm gets crushed and my shoulder ended up hurting within just a minute or two.  I tried flipping the thing around so my head wasn't on it, I tried adding other pillows, I tried everything.  Still uncomfortable.I tried this pillow for three nights, and no matter what I did, it only made me more frustrated and uncomfortable. I ended up kicking it out of the bed every time and have now gone back to my three pillows.  I really wish I had just bought a regular body pillow for $15.00.  I wasted my money on this stupid thing.Maybe the people who like this pillow are not picky sleepers.  I have always had difficulty sleeping and get uncomfortable easily.  Also, I sleep on a relatively firm mattress.  Maybe this is the reason this pillow didn't work for me.  I think if you are picky about comfort or generally don't sleep that well, this is not the pillow for you.
This product works and helps my baby get off to sleep.  BUT!!! As soon as the 45 minutes is up the sound shuts off and my baby wakes up.  If anyone knows how to make it go continuously, please let me know!
This was one of my baby's favorite toys until I found the outside ring cracked all the way through yesterday. I love that Haba makes toys that are wood AND colorful for the baby to look at but if it cracks after less than a month, this particular toy wasn't worth it. We have the triangles as well and we've had no problems with them. I considered purchasing again bc my baby loved it but I worry that it will crack while he's chewing on it and pinch him. My experience seems to be uncommon though, I still love Haba, I'd just recommend inspecting the toy each time you give it to your baby.
I like the design too, but also think that our daughter doesn't really play with it- and she's had it for over a year... probably appeals to adults more than kids. I recommend getting magnetic toys that have multiple purposes for a range of ages... magnatiles?
These bottles are great as far as not having to clean them all the time because of the liners, but that is about the only pro I found. When you are trying to squeeze the air out (which takes what seems like forever when you have a screaming baby anyway), sometimes they bust and you have to start all over...not to mention a waste of expensive formula or breastmilk. Second, once your baby is down to a couple of ounces left in the bottle, it is impossible to reach your fingers up in there to get any air out. Third, there is no way to heat these bottles in the car. I have a Munchkin car bottle warmer but it doesn't work on these bottles because of the liners. The milk does not actually touch the bottle so there is no way to heat it. Not very convenient for long or short road trips. I switched to AVENT and my baby is like a different baby. I didn't realize that he was unhappy with these bottles until I changed, but I see a big difference now.
I bought this potty seat for my son thinking it looked great and fisher-price ALMOST ALWAYS makes great things, but I was wrong with this one.  First of all, the music plays only when the chair is moved...it hardly plays when my son goes potty on it.  Secondly, I would NOT recommed this seat for a boy.  The "protector" is there for decoration only, at least that's what it seems to me...and let's not even talk about the book that was easily torn apart by a 15 month old...I should have bought the potty chair that can also be used as a stool, at least I could have got some use out of that...
I was unable to use these as expected because of static.  One had low-level continuous static and the other had loud static.  It unnerved me listening through the static and I simply stopped trying to use them.This was a regrettable purchase, a waste of money.  I don't recommend this product.
I bought this for an upcoming trip because I wanted something that could pack in my luggage.  Once I got it, I tried putting it on my kitchen table, but wasn't able.  I think our table might have been too thick for this chair to be compatible.  So we ended up returning it and instead got the My Little Seat Infant Seat.
I bought this when my daughter was 6 months old to help her learn to chew. It is very flimsy and floppy when food is in it. She just played with it (flipping it around) thinking it was a toy. She is teething also so I thought it would definitely go in her mouth often, but she enjoyed throwing it around instead.
I bought these hoping to be environmentally friendly. I tried wearing these once and had a huge wet spot after just one feeding. They absorbed nothing and had a spot bigger than if I did not use anything.
First off, the sheet fist well for the DaVinci min crib mattress.  However, beware you might not get the print ordered.  I have ordered the pink geometric print twice and both times received purple and pink flowers.  Not nearly as cute a print as the one pictured.  Looking through other reviews it appears that others have had a problem getting the correct print.  That is why I gave it a low rating.  The sheet is self is great if you don't care about what print you might get.
We have had this dresser/changing table for 18 months. It's sturdier than Ikea and that's all I can say for it. It worked fine for almost a year, but gentle regular use is showing the poor quality of the construction. One of the drawer slides keeps popping out of the track and leaving the drawer jammed shut; the cam locks that hold one of the drawer fronts on won't stay secure, so our daughter kept pulling the drawer apart, finding little pieces of hardware, and popping them into her mouth. Wood glue didn't help, so we've just taken the drawer out, leaving a large portion of the dresser unusable, wasted space.
While I think it's a great fit for the toilet, my daughter won't sit on it for more than a couple minutes, having to adjust every few seconds because she says it &#34;isn't comfy&#34;.  After the great reviews and was actually recommended to me by my sister, it just doesn't work for our daughter.  I'm going to have to buy a cheap padded one I guess.  Stinks that I can't return this thing. Pretty expensive.
This hat was just way too small.  My daughter does have a large head, but I ordered this when she was 5 months old and it was too tight.
I bought this at Target but it is the exact same brush.  After using it for only two weeks I just purchased the OXO bottle brush with stand on amazon's website.  I had the OXO brush before but needed to replace it.  I happened to have spotted this one at Target so I just bought it thinking I liked the suction stand.  The stand is great but the bristles are way too stiff.  You have to use a lot of force to pull it out of the bottles.  I have the glass Life Factory ones and the heads are a bit smaller than most.  Still, the brush should not be so stiff that when you pull it out of the bottle you knock over something else because your arm goes flying from the force of pulling so hard.  Amazing to me that no one even tests these products before they hit the shelves.  Do not purchase.
Yes, it's lightweight, convenient, etc.  Two big pet peeves.  Not very stable on uneven sidewalk - so I couldn't use it in my Los Angeles, neighborhood.  Also, you can't reach the basket with a car seat on it.  The smarter moms I know got the Kolcraft.
Our daughter is now 13 months old and the only item we use in this kit is the nail clippers.  The thermometer is unreliable and the rest of the plastic pieces are so poorly made they're useless.  I wish that I had just bought nail clippers separately.
Ok, so the dresser was only $200 (plus shipping), but I would have rather had a little more drawer space.  The fronts of the drawers measure almost 9", but the insides are only 3-1/2" deep!!!!  As others have said, the front of the drawers and outer casing of the dresser are pretty solid, but the drawers themselves are particle board.  It took about an hour to put together and according to my husband, the instructions were easy to follow and there were no pieces missing.  I would only recommend this item if you are looking for a dresser that looks nice but don't need a lot of storage space.
The main ingredient in this is petroleum jelly which you can get for 99 cents at WalMart.Use Hydrocortisone 1% and it works wonderfully well for eczema. It's the only thing that helps me.
while these are thin, the cloth folds on itself and creates 'sharp' edges. The cloth is not soft enough to manuver easily around baby's bottom. Also they are on the rough side, which might be good for a sticky poo, but they are not absorbant either and just smear the poo. If you are looking for a nice wipe, go for the Prince Lionhart Wipes.
I had no idea what I was doing when I started pumping. I bought these because they looked like they would stand up well in the refrigerator. I knew from the description they only held 2.5oz each. What I didn't know was how quickly breastmilk increases over the first month! By the time my child was 1 month old. these were in the giveaway pile because I was pumping at least 3 oz out of each breast and they were useless. I had already bought several types of bottle to try with my little one. What I ended up doing was just using the bottle he didn't like to pump, then transferred the milk to the bottles he did like (which were wide mouth and didn't fit the pump parts). If your  child likes a small mouth bottle, you could easily pump straight into that and feed directly from that bottle.
The idea behind these bowls is interesting, but they are a huge fail. My twins tried them a few times, but the rubbery lids would get stretched and cereal would still fall out. Sometimes little hands got stuck in the lid and they couldn't get them back out. It's much easier to just make a plate on the coffee table and let them go at it.
I don't think this is sturdy enough to leave up in the bathroom for a toddler.  My son is 28 pounds and I could just see him stepping on to this wrong and the whole thing slipping over and crashing.  Not what I want on ceramic tile with giant porcelain things to bash his head on.  I donated it.
Stroller hooks/ clips are incredibly useful, but there are much better options out there! I bought two of these and the springs broke on both of them very quickly. Also, because of the design, it doesn't stay in place well AT ALL...it slides all over the stroller handle! I highly suggest Stroller Hook Clips - Luxury Stroller Hook Clips For Bags Or Diaper Bags instead. They are smaller, but sturdier and secure in place extremely well.
We have two babies under the age of two, so we have tried every bib and really need them to work.  This one may be good for a child under one, but our 20 month old yanks these off in a matter of seconds.  Really surprised this bib got so many good reviews...not sure what is to love?  I would definitely not recommend for an older child. For our 7 month old, this bib works fine, but a lot of things would work for him.  For toddler, I recommend the JJCole with a snap closure.  Harder to find, which is why I went online to Amazon to purchase, but works the best.  Also buying the Bjorn bib today which is twice the cost, just to see if that will work as well (it also gets good reviews.)
The SIDS alliance suggests not using anything in the crib, including any of these sleep positioners or wedges, because the baby could kick his way down and suffocate against the foam bars.  The truth is that you will probably not need it.  Babies naturally sleep on their backs if placed that way.  I was given this as a gift when I was in the hospital and when my doctor saw the box he suggested that I return it.  He said that these things come in and out of style and for some reason have come back in fashion again, but can be a big risk for SIDS- scary!!  My baby is now 4 months old and we have done fine without a product like this.
I used these only to remain dry while my baby was nursing the other side. I reach for the nurse-dri shells that I received for free in the hospital first. These are big and bulky and I hate the design of them compared to other shells. I only reach these when my other shells are dirty. Plus i hate that they only recommend these for a certain length of time.
These blocks are super cute, but are not stuffed at all, so the minute your baby squeezes them or sits on them or anything like that, they just flatten out. They are not fun to play with at all because of this.
I purchased this to give as a gift; Sadly, the box arrived dented, and now I can't use this item. Disappointing. This is just one of several packaging problems I've had with amazon over the last month (amazon has not been packaging my items carefully, leading to damaged items). Ugh.
Got these for my son who loves bath time. At 8 months he didn't pay much attention to them and at 1 year he still doesn't. Occasionally he'll hold them in his hands and shake them-esp the one with little colored pebbles inside the plastic. He really only enjoys them when I do things like toss them in the water and make splashes.  Otherwise, doesn't hold his interest much. Cute concept just for my son he didn't find them interesting.
While I'm a stubborn Anglophile, I'm very disappointed by Avent's products.  The bottles are not comfortable for people with small hands (or stubby fingers) to hold, and the worst part is with the nipples, which are made of semi-hard plastic and too large for young babies.  I think Dr. Brown's or the Playtex Ventaire is way better.  Even Gerber's one-use disposable nipples are way better.
I bought this, put it on the crib, took one look at it, took it off, and returned it.  I have a standard 28x52 crib and this was too big for it--it bunched and wouldn't lay flat.  Also the snaps didn't match up well w/ my cribs slats and even if they did they were too long to actually be safe and secure.  This mattress pad/sheet creates an unsafe environment.  My daughter slept w/ us or a bassinet until she was 3 months old and by then the diaper leaks and constant spit up were behind us so I don't have to change her ordinary crib sheet that often anyway.
I would rather throw the diapers on our kitchen trash can. It's a lot faster and easier than trying to mess with the Genie. I would recommend trying a different brand.
I bought this tub before my son was born, thinking it looked great and I could use it in the kitchen sink.  I do like that I can use it in the sink, but he's not a super long baby and his little feet always get stuck in the grooves where the tub folds!  It doesn't hold much water, either.  I wish I had read reviews before I bought it, because now, after only 2 months, I'm just going to replace it and throw it away.  What a waste!
The netting on the hoop loosened and is coming off on one side and the balls are just ok.  I thought that maybe since it is a bath toy that there would be no holes in them to let water inside.  Every time my son would squeeze a ball black gunk would come out.  I threw away the entire set, waste of money. Would have given a better rating if it weren't for the balls that allow water to sit stagnate and get moldy.
Don't waste your time or money with this. They are VERY uncomfortable and actually hurt me while pumping with these breast shields.... I should have listened to the customers who wrote bad reviews on this product!
I bought this to try to get some organization for my diapers as I have two babies in them. But it doesnt hold a bag of diapers so Im constantly filling this up. Itd be so much easier if it held a bag. I would understand if it didnt hold the box of diapers but newborn size 1 diapers? really? It barely even holds one row! waste of money for me....
This idea is great. But the utensils were cheap, like seriously the sponge would wipe away the paint, the thin plastic pan the paint was in was so delicate we had to work slow as to not break it in half, and the brush was a joke as the bristles brushed off in less than 5 strokes. We had to use my professional paint brushes that I had stored away in boxes in the back of our closet. The 8 paint colors had a nice thick consistency when mixed properly but we really had to layer it on to get a vibrant picture without it fading before we actually got to take a snapshot of it. We got two fading pictures out of it, but that was with he help of 6 watercolors from target, almost a month of frustration, and the ridiculous amount of time we had to spare. I gave birth soon after the second picture, with paint still left over which I guess we'll save for him to paint with but pfth I'd rather get him real hand paint.I'm glad I came across this idea, but the $2 water colors and a $2 face painting kit from a $.99 & up store would have produced the same results.Steal the idea, don't waste the money. ** stars for the two pictures, thats all.
I have a couple of different nursing covers [Bebe Au Lait, MyBrestFriend, & Udder Cover] but I decided to try this one because it covers the back too.  I thought this cover would provide great 360* coverage, but what it really provides is only front & back coverage with insufficient side coverage.  Especially if you have a squirmy baby!  The front & back are a good length but the sides are drastically shorter, making the entire cover full of gaps.  It is also hard to see down inside of the cover without the rigid neckline that comes standard in a Bebe Au Lait.  The fabric is about twice as thick as my other covers, so I think it'd be unbearable during summer. But I do tend to run warm these days!  ;)Lastly the little pouch is a nice idea, but who has the time to fold a cover up once baby's done eating?  Usually I am trying to get baby right side up to burp while putting myself back in order.And in response to this product touting itself as a versatile 4-in-1, all the things this product claims you could do with any other cover, so don't let that be a buying point for you.
I like the look of these, the lace on the outer layer is cute, but they don't hold moisture well at all. It's about as absorbent as a flannel burp cloth - if you leak more than a tiny bit,  it'll go right through the pad. I used these at night occasionally because they're soft and they would keep the milk from running down my shirt, but my shirt would be damp after every feeding. They're also very thick, which makes them very noticeable under a shirt. If you want a great cloth nursing pad, get Bamboobies - they're way more absorbent, thinner, less noticeable, and cuter. Don't waste your money on these.
While it worked, it was alright. However, after about 2 months of use it shorted out and will not work now. Same story with our CloudB giraffe. I also hate the 45 minute shut off and wish it would play continuously as to not wake him up. Save your money and download an iPhone app or go to a white noise website on the computer.
I bought this(2) months ago to keep at our house for my now 8-month old grandaughter.  It's terrible for a couple of reasons.~ Way too big for a teething infant to hold never mind put in their mouth - what were they thinking?~ Can't be put in dishwasher or soaked in the sink (just run it under water)Overall, a total waste of $5.00. I'd recommend seeing teething products in stores before randomly picking something out on line like I did.  There are definintely better products for the price out there that your baby will be able to handle and enjoy.
This is too thick for baby mouth. It is hard for him to bite it and does not help with teething. At the same time it is at least fun cause it is bendable.
I bought this because a friend recommended it to me after my daughter, at 4 months, was able to break free of the HALO swaddle blanket. My daughter was NOT ready to not be swaddled, she still did (and does at 6 months) have a very sensitive startle reflex. She would only sleep if she was swaddled. I had hoped that paying $30 for a blanket, it would work longer than it did. I was happy at first because it seemed to work, but within two weeks, my daughter learned how to break free and it became more of a safety hazard than a sleep aid. It's pretty, but it isn't good for older babies...maybe little ones who can't move much yet, but then why bother spending so much money on a swaddle blanket?
Pain to install, pain to use and overall terrible. The ones that work work too well so I can't open the drawers- and the others broke within the first try. I do not recommend these locks, they are terrible and frustrating.
These bottles are made of a very cheap plastic. One of the nipples was missing when the product arrived. I would not recommend them at all.
My friends highly highly recommended this to me saying how miraculous it was for them. They have baby girls though, and my little man was born as a Houdini! He can bust out of any double-bagged swaddle, and he can get his legs out of this one too.I bought it when he was about 12 weeks old- so even though he was almost at the end of its lifespan- I was desperate to try it and get some extra sleep! The design seems very clever (tying their arms under them) but I think my son was so against swaddles that nothing would have worked well. It almost seemed like more of a challenge for him!My first problem was that he was already too tall for the MB and his feet were stretched at the bottom of it. Also, he was so mad when I put him in it that I had to nurse him right away to calm him down. Well after he ate for a while, then I couldn't really burp him in it. Trying to hold him up like a little bobble-headed-burrito and burp him was just too weird. So I felt really guilty laying him down in the straight jacket without really being burped.He would sleep about 2-3 hours in it, but then when he woke up to eat again we went through the same problem. Also, he can't go without being changed all night, and to change him in it was nearly impossible. It says that you can leave their arm swaddled, just take out their feet and change them... but that is not the case. The arm straps go down lower than his diaper, so there is no way I can change his diaper without pushing up the arm straps a lot or taking them off completely.The first night he pooped up his back, and through the Miracle Blanket... so I wouldn't call that much of a miracle.BUT I have a couple of friends that love it and their *daughters* sleep all night in it... so I am keeping mine to see if it works better on my next baby. Either I will try it right from birth, or I will have a daughter that sleeps much better!Ps: the color is very cute and the quality is very good as well!
My one year old had no trouble figuring it out. It's neither sturdy nor intelligent in its design. I could not recommend it for the purpose it's being sold.
After my Medela Harmony suddonly quit working, I was in a rush for a new pump and ended up getting the Avent Isis.  At first I thought I had purchased a dud, but after a few minutes the pump grabbed on big time, and I was expressing milk faster than I ever had with the Harmony.  I do find that this pump works better for me when I remove the rubber "petal" lining.  And this pump can be squeeky.  The most frustrating thing for me though is that after using it for a little over a month the little white disk would pop out of place, just when I would get a really strong suction going.  Then I would have to stop and take the pump apart to get the disk back in position.  Also, the wide bottles don't fit very well in the bottle compartment of my diaper bag, and my daughter is not use to the wide nipples.  I use the Avent bottles to store milk, but I use the Medela bottles for feeding, which is kind of hassle compared to being able to pump directly into the feeding bottle.
Both of my daughters slid right down the positioner.  So I stopped using it right away. I do not recommend this product at all.
Not a fan of these things. Would be fine if you never need to go in & change plugs, otherwise it's too much to deal with. Nice idea, but we won't be using them much.
I ordered this product thinking it would be great if I could pump directly into the bottles we'd be feeding our baby with, eliminates a step right?  Well, having the extra bottles for pumping has been great and the work well in the freezer but they don't work well for feeding.  Milk seems to pour out our newborns mouth (3 mos now).  I hate pumping and really hate seeing my milk being wastes so we have stopped using the bottles to feed and only for storage.  I like the evenflow glass bottles better, she wastes very little milk with those
We ended up chucking this last week and i wanted to be sure to warn others.  It was all over the map thermomoter wise.  It would say 100 when we thought she was slightly hot, so we'd get out hte 'freebie' from the hospital and it' would then say 98.4.  Oh, since we were nervous we'd then get out another one and do the same thing and it would then say right around hte 98.4.  Unfortuantely, this was not the first time it had done this to us. Save your money!  We invested in the ear thermometer scan hospital grade from braun.  holy goodness. piece of mind.  it's worth the 50!!  you figure you'll need one thermometer per kid with this type, the ear one is for hte whole family.  Yeah, I'm sorry I spent the 12 originally and tried to cheap out because this caused way to much worry.
I've tried offering this to my baby several times beginning at 6 months.  She is now 9.5 months and still won't use it.  I put banana in it, her favorite food and try to show her how to use it to eat it.  But she is just not interested.  She didn't even really want to play with it as a toy.  Also the price they are charging here is too high.  I found it for several dollars less at Target.
Tried to use this with multiple children when I worked in early intervention and then, because I owned it, introduced it to my twin grandkids. Have yet to find a child who played with it much. A plastic coffee can with teething toys, rattles, baby jar lids, etc. will work as well.
My baby really loved this, however the seat broke went he was in it.  I was hoping I received a faulty product so I exchanged it for another, with the same results.  The green plastic parts used to hold to seat together are cheap and don't hold.  The screw  that is suppose to go in to the cheap green part also strips out the part making it impossible to fix.  If they made the seat frame one piece, all the problems I had with it would be solved.  However until then....don't buy this its a waste of your money.
I wanted to love this stroller. It is lightweight, easy to fold and unfold, easy to carry and has a smooth ride. I returned it though after just a few days because it was so frustrating to push. Both me, my husband and my mother kept kicking the back wheels when pushing. We had to shorten our stride dramatically and it was very frustrating. I am 5'6 and my husband 5'9, so this is not because we are very tall people. If you want to be able to walk comfortably when pushing a stroller, do not buy this one.
The duck is cute, but we got the "police officer" duck (at another store) and it won't stay afloat straight-up; it's weighted to one side and so it falls over. And the thermometer turns white-ish even in warm water so it's hard to gauge if the water is really hot.
I have had this product less than 2 weeks and the inside liner is pulled apart on the seams already.  I have never been more disappointed in a product.  I haven't really even used it to carry to capacity only a few bottles back and forth to daycare so I was really disappointed to notice that the inside was already ripped.
I'm not satisfied with Madela pump in style!  It's very expensive but it doesn't work well, you need to wait an hour before you can pump the amount of milk you want.  I don't like it at all... I called madela and offer no help.  What a peace of junk!!!
I got this awhile ago for my first son. it was a great idea, and he loved it, but man did it STINK! no matter where or how soon I hung it up to dry. outside, inside, febreezed... any of it. plus immediately after the bath it's a huge pillow soaked with water, so it's heavy and not too convenient. we also lived in a super SMALL house in philadelphia with no good spot to store it. we've since switched to theSummer Infant Fold N' Store Tub Time Bath Slingand it's been through 2 kids and I'm about to use it for one more. it's convenient and folds and best of all doesn't STINK like mildew! blech! don't waste the money, you'll end up buying something else anyway!
It looks nice for the moment after it's assembled. Within a short amount of time you will realize it is very cheaply made,the nice dark paint will chip off & the hinge (which they claim will make it safer) will break. It looks nice if it is not touched or used, but don't count on it lasting AT ALL when the kids start using it!!!! Return time is short as well FYI, huge waste of money
I was excited about these because I wanted to have lids covering my home-made baby food. I have never once put this product in the dish-washer, just as it states, and these trays and lids have never sealed since the first time they were in my freezer. The plastic is thick and frozen food slides out easily, but it also does from my dollar store ice cube trays. the whole point of this product in my mind, is to have the lids, and since they don't fit, I find this product over-priced and use-less.
I wouldn't say I am very happy with this pillow. Maybe that's because I am not used to very thick pillows and it hurt my neck after I tried to sleep on it. Also, it's a little bit short and I cannot place my legs comfortably. The cover is made of polyester and everything sticks on it, and it was very unpleasant in summer - cotton would be much better and healthier. But I sewed cotton covers myself. The only 2 points I am giving to it - it gives great support to my back when I sit - I am experiencing some lower back pains during my pregnancy, and for that purpose it is great. So, I hope I can use it much better when I will be breastfeeding my baby - at least it would not be waste of money then.
I already had a full size Graco Swing for my 2 month old but I needed a travel swing to take to Grandmas for frequent visiting. It worked well for the first two weeks and my baby really like the hanging toys but then the batteries died. After finally figuring out to replace them (takes a bit of a trick to get the battery compartment back in its slot)the Duracell batteries died again in another two weeks. Overall the swing is cute and my baby liked it for a while but he only used for 1 month tops and he much prefers the full size swing. Not really worth the extra expense, stick with the full size or another travel model.
Our daughter was in the NICU and before we left, she had to have a car seat challenge. When we brought in her car seat, we had the bundleme in it and we had to take it out as it was a safety hazard. These are not safe for any child as they are made post manufacturing of your car seat, and therefore have not been safety tested with your car seat. Many infant carriers/car seat warranties will be voided if you are in a wreck and using a bundleme or other type of infant 'blanket' that goes between your child and the car seat.
I got a set of the Minnie Mouse cups and a set of the Mickey Mouse cups for my twin toddlers.  At first they were great.  The only problem was that sometimes it was difficult for them to get their milk out. (I tried and had difficulty but found after I got some milk out then it was easier for them--so whenever they complained I just got them "started".)  However, after about a month some of the cups started leaking.  They got worse until all 4 were so bad that I started looking for replacement lids. I sent a message to The First Years asking whether they would sell replacement lids.  They do not but said they would send one set of replacement lids (not two sets because it was more than 90 days from purchase and I didn't save my receipt).  We were thrilled when the package from them contained two complete sets of Mickey Mouse cups . . for about a week.  Then those cups started leaking too, worse than the other ones had!  At this point none of our First Years cups are any better than the old school sippy cups (the kind that just had holes--before someone thought of using silicone to make "spill proof" cups).  After 8 cups that don't work, I'm considering this a design flaw and avoiding The First Years sippy cups.  It's so sad because my kids love their Minnie & Mickey cups but I have to put them away until they're better about not tipping them.  (By contrast we have Playtex Insulator cups that they've had for over a year that are still going strong--I hate having to get the valves clean but it's worth the extra effort for no leaks!)If you buy these cups save your receipt and complain to The First Years right away when they start leaking.
What a waste! they are so tiny!  it takes 5 or 6 of these things to cover a changing table in a public restroom - and they are so thin (like a sheet of paper or papertowel -  that they blow around as you put them down and if your kid moves... it just did not work for me at all.  I can't even think of a useful way to use up what i have left.Much better to buy wee wee pads they make for puppies/kittens - they are sturdy and large enough to cover a changing table.
I was a little disappointed when we received these, as they're rather difficult to move (especially for a short person)!  I need something for a pantry and coat closet, however, going into those areas several times a day has become tedious.  I intend to try some other options.
I didn't care that the play yard is ugly. I just needed it to be functional. However, while putting it up, one of the corner "joints" shattered. It was so frustrating! We ended up sending back the piece of garbage, and we bought a beautiful bronze metal play yard. Sure, this yard is much, much cheaper. However, it didn't save us any money, because it turned out to be so fragile that it was useless for our purpose.
I don't know how the best pump maker in the world has the worst sheilds and at breast system. I bought the pumpin pals sheilds and LOVE them. These bruised me, reduced my production, and caused damage to my skin.
This is a nice, big tub, but the bottom never held air. Decided to keep it anyway, but then after a day it developed a slow leak which made the whole thing pointless. Returned it.
I have a newborn and a 3.5 year old so thus far I have only used this with the infant car seat - but I don't like it at all.  It is SO BIG and HEAVY.  Its ridiculous feeling and so hard to push around.  Also the seat in the back slides which is just annoying...I really wish I could return this item but I used it a few times.  I am hoping to get more use out of it when my infant is grown. I am going to have to start lifting weights so I can get it in and out of the car with ease.  I recommend spending the extra money for something lighter.
I bought this because I saw many reviews that this fit the Pack n Play.  Without looking at dimensions (silly me) I purchased this and went off of the reviews.  This may fit other Pack N Play's but it DOES NOT fit the Pack N Play's that come with the Cuddle Cove and Changing Table.
I thought it would give you ideas of how to paint or what to paint but it is just the paint itself and a sponge, which is a little overpriced for what it is. Great concept and it turned out really well, just wonder if i could have bought some non toxic paint at the local store for 10% of the cost.
First of all, this thing dries out wipes, even if you do add the 1/4 cup of water you're supposed to add every couple of days! It also restricts you in the kind of wipes you can buy... forget getting Chubbs in its round container, for instance. The little storage area is a nice idea, but it's rather flimsy and not very supportive. Your best bet would be to get one of the wrap-around warmers, which have cute pastel designs on them and mold to the shape of the wipe tub. These take up far less room and are much easier to clean, too. This one? You'll be continuously wiping it down, when it hasn't fallen over, that is.
If you put bottles on this rack, they will eventually get dry... the key word here is "eventually".  If you wash at night and need things to be dry in the morning, try something else.  There just isn't enough air flow to get nipples, bottles, or breast pump accessories dry on the inside.  We had no idea how bad it was until we tried another rack - the Boon Grass drying mat.  It cut our evening washing time in half because we no longer needed to hand-dry everything we needed for the next morning. I think pretty much any rack would be a better choice than this one - look for more air flow under the items, or racks that hold items at an angle to let air in.
Extremely rough feel, even after washing.  Unsuitable for an infant's delicate skin.  Quality of product is inferior. I had to return it.
It just wouldn't fit in our living room because the screws don't extent out long enough to deal with baseboards. I consider that a serious design flaw. we returned it for that reason. it also didn't strike me as totally sturdy compared to a more expensive Kidco gate that we settled on.
We have gone through two sets of adhesive strips. Both have failed miserably, even with following instructions exactly. We even live in a dry, arid climate. This fell on my husband when he was in the tub one morning. Just glad it wasn't one of my kids! We are getting rid of this and looking for something better.
These have not really been used very much by us. There is a spill-proof valve but its inside the cap. If you take it outside the home and dont want to spill water everywhere, then you must close this by taking off the cap, closing the valve and then replacing the cap.Now, once you are outside and have your hands dirty and your little one needs water, you need to reverse the process -unscrew the cap, touch the valve with your dirty hands to pen it and then replace the cap.Our little one likes to take the bottle and bang the nozzle against the ground and then put it back to her mouth. She seems to want to test if the water is indeed flowing out of the bottle. Had the nozzle got a cap, it would not have been a problem. I would not recommend.
I can see that it would be comfortable but it was easier to bathe without this bulky item.... Would not suggest.
The idea is great, the product is not so great. We have the same reviews as everyone else. The bottles (we use VentAir) do not touch the "on" sensor, and it takes more than 30 minutes to warm our 8 oz bottles. Our son will not take them luke warm, he likes them very warm.How we made it work for us:Clothes pin that we just clip on over the sensor to turn the warmer on.And one hour before our son's feeding time we start warming the bottle.Very slow process, I wish I would have done more research upon buying this warmer.
Be aware that this base does not work with all SnugRide models. The SnugRide 30 seat does not fit with this seat base at all. Neither the Amazon nor the Graco descriptions makes this clear at all. We had to return it, which fortunately worked out and we were credited with minimal hassle.
This is one of the worst products created for child safety. It didn't fit our standard power cord, the front section opened really easily (actually had a hard time getting it to stay closed) and once we opened the back section to plug things in, couldn't get the back section closed again. Also, the opening at the top is huge! Definitely big enough for my 9-month old to stick her fingers in, which is kind of the opposite of its purpose. I sent it back and moved around furniture to hide our power cords instead.
it never worked, i cleaned the surface and followed direction...failed.tried with double sided tape... failed.tried with regular tape.... failed.i think the problem is that it's not smooth again the surface on top, so it creates a little gap and easily falls off.
I am Really not impressed with this item. I am wishing now that I dished out the extra dollar or two for the Avent one. The first time I used it I was only going out for a few hours so I only filled one compartment with three scoops of formula. By the time I wanted to use it I noticed that the formula had spread to the other two compartments. At first I figured maybe I did not put the lid on correctly. But the second time I used I made sure I lined up the little tabs on the lid and bottom and the little two plastic notches inside the lid and go on either side of the bottom. Low and behold it did it again. Other reviewers say it works but for me it does not. I love munchkin brand stuff and usually they do work. But this is cheaply made and whats the point if the formula gets in all the other compartments messing up the measurements.
I asked for this stroller when I had my first son 4 years ago. It was about $80 even then. I never checked it out in the store, I just looked at pictures and decided I loved the design, and how can one possibly mess up a stroller anyway? Well, you can... badly.This stroller has been our exclusive stroller for the past four years, so it's well tested. Everything is very nice about it, except that the sun shade does little to nothing to prevent the sun in your kids eyes. You definitely want a stroller that gives you shade options. The basket on the bottom is really nice, the breaks work great, handles are good, yeah I kick the back wheels often but I got used to it.So main letdown is that it doesn't steer well. Without a child the stroller turns great, but a child in it (no matter what size) the weight prevents the stroller from turning. I was constantly fighting it! It got better when I just had a child in the stroller and could force it where I wanted it to go, but once I had things in my hands, or another child's hand as well, it was impossible!I cursed the stroller every single time I used it. I was too stubborn to buy another one for the money, plus as far as stroller use goes we were probably on the low end. My first son refused to sit in one, so it really wasn't until my second son that I realized this stroller was a piece of junk.Maybe it's improved. I wouldn't recommend it. My blood boiled way too much with this stroller and I'd just assume junk it now that the kids don't need it.
I have a 2 month old and I just do not feel comfortable using this carrier.  I bought it because it was cheaper than baby bjorn and I thought that it would be the same, but I just do not feel that it is that sturdy.  My baby is 14 pounds now and I just cannot use it, he does not like it, and I feel like it is going to rip or I will hurt my back using it.
This is not the right brush for baby bottles.  I use it in my home for other cleaning but it is not good for cups, bottles or other items with edges.  The bristles are so hard they don't bend with the cleaning.
I was looking forward to collecting any let down breast milk.  After wearing these shells for a night, the silicone shell left these itchy welts on my breasts that haven't gone away after 2 days.  :(.  If you look at the silicone part it has a weird yellow tinge to the silicone.I'm going back to my Medela soft shells.  They were made in Switzerland and the silicone looks clear not yellow tinged.
I hate this toy.  My daughter received it as a gift when she was 1, and she and my nephew would constantly fight to play with it.  But they couldn't use the ABC shape sorter by themselves... they always needed help.  So if I didn't always have time to sit and play with them for 20 mins it was a complete disaster.  But again, the kids did love it, and now we've had it for about 2 years.  My daughter still plays with it, and now she helps my 1yr old son use they toy.  But I almost tossed this toy out on more than one occasion.
Borning toy and my son was over it the minute he opened it up. Music is nice but the buttons are hard to press for a child so be ready to sit there doing it for them. Given the age that a kid outgrows this, you won't have much use for this very long.
I have a nontraditional family, and this book is geared toward a 2-parent, mom and dad, family.It doesn't take much to tweak the wording to be more inclusive; this book fails.The pages inside are very bland, and call for you to use photo corners to put your photos into the book.  It's not very fun to fill out, and doesn't have nearly as many "milestones" or fun events to track as my first child's baby book.  It also has birthdays 1-5; I was only looking for the first year.I really wish I'd just saved the money and picked up a digital photo album from an online shop.
These locks did not install quickly, my husband had a difficult time aligning the separate pieces in a way that allowed the magnets to operate properly. One of the drawers won't close unless I press hard on the direct spot where the lock is located. Another issue is the magnet 'key' which I wouldn't have known to order had I not read it in a previous review. If you don't order the four pack of locks you must order the key separately! Overall, a lot of fuss and we end up leaving them unlocked because they are a nuisance.
I think the chair would serve it's purpose for a little while but the way the arms go together and fold for storage/travel seemed way too cheap for me.  The paint on the metal was scratching off when I twisted the arms to fold it.  I only tried it on a counter so I can't say how it works on a table with a skirt but I returned it and spent more money for a better made chair by Phil & Ted called MeToo.  The Phil & Ted chair folds flatter than this one and is lighter but doesn't come with a travel bag where this one does.  I can live without the bag for a chair that seems safer to me.  And the MeToo chair does go on my table with a skirt.
this is made from typical dog toy material. it squeaks like a dog toy too. i moment i brought it out of the packaging my dog lunged for it. sent it back immediately.
I don't like it .  I bought it to use when I couldn't use my electric breast pump. during its first use it was great but then later on just after one clean it lost its suction. Milk went up in the upper part after few use. to me it became worse than the manual expression of breast milk with the hand.
I did my research and decided to buy this product but it did not work out for me and my little one. Half the time these bottles leak from the top or the bottom even after closing them well. Cleanup involves a lot of parts to wash. And my little refuses to drink from these bottles now that we discovered the Nuk Orthodontic nipples. We have started to use those with a standard size bottle. Its airflow system works good as well. And it was an inexpensive option compared to Playtex. I just wish I had found it sooner.
This is a great idea but falls short. The opening is too small (but all folding potty rings seem to be). Because the ring has to sit at the FRONT of the toilet, this leaves little room to aim and pee. I was skeptical about complaints that the front handles are in the way, but because the ring is so small, there is really no other place for little legs to go.The pluses:it folds together easily so the dirty sides all fold into each otherit's really compact when it foldsthe joints have plastic grooves that 'click' together when they're fully extendedthe bumpers at the bottom of this are FABULOUS. they have a lot of grip and really keep the ring in placeThe minuses:the plastic is really flimsy and any kid over 20lbs (maybe less) will flex thisbecause it has to sit at the front of the toilet, there is minimal support at the back and the flexing is accentuatedbecause it has to sit at the front of the toilet, expect the best aim to go right past the potty ring and onto the nasty public toilet bowl and kid's clothesThe mellow go-with-the-flow kid that got to sit on this IMMEDIATELY asked to go to a different potty and then said DONE just to get off the thing.There aren't much better choices, but considerMommy's Helper Cushie Travelerif you need something compact.
I think the material for the mold especially and for the entire frame is somewhat cheap.  I know a couple of people who've been happy with this product but it just didn't work for us.  It is tough to do with a squirmy baby and once we did finally get a mold the contrast wasn't very striking--a footprint with ink may look better.  Not worth the effort or $, in my opinion.
I found that this seat pinched my child's legs/hind area on the sides where the seat unfolded. It also has some foam on the backend  (I assume so it doesn't slip on a toilet seat) that just didn't seem to get clean when I would try to sanitize the seat. I ended up throwing it away.
This is on like every "you need this for your baby list." And it's always overpriced (or appears to be). I held off for my first child and indulged my second. He liked it literally for 1 hour. I have not been able to get him to play with it since. He's not scared of it, I think he just wants something a little firmer to gnaw on, and in terms of interaction all it does is squeak. So I think he thinks "Not good for my mouth, boring in my hands, NEXT TOY!"
I got this as a shower gift and returned it!  My little girl hated it!  She screamed when I put her in it.  I think it squeezed her.  It was really hard to get on and off and not comfortable for her or for me.  Her head was right in front of my chin too.  Even if she had liked it, I would have worried that I would hurt her head with my chin.  I don't think this carrier works well for short women with big babies (she was 8lbs. at birth and we tried it then.)
We have used two other monitors before (in the same location that we had these) and never had any problems with humming. These, however, constantly made a humming noise that was impossible to ignore. You could even hear it when watching TV, so it wasn't a quiet hum or one that could be easily drowned out. We returned ours.
I was expecting a lot more from these. When they came I laughed. They are so think (like a fabric sheet if not thinner) so how that is going to hold any urine is beyond me, I didn't even use any of them I just threw them away.
I used this pump once a day or less and it stopped working after about 6 weeks.  While it was working it worked well and I liked being able to have one hand free while pumping.
Not sure what all the excitement is about this item.  I got it for my first son and he didn't like it at all.  My second son too no interest in it either.  It is cute and squeaky but I wouldn't recommend this item (especially given the price).
Okay, so I chintzed out and bought the cheaper doorway jumper.  I wish I hadn't:  the spring on this thing is so stiff that there's no way that my baby could make it jump.  She just sits there dangling and looking unhappy.  If you want to avoid disappointment, definitely buy the more expensive brand.
I've ordered these twice.  The first time, they were alright and a decent price for the amount of bags you receive.  The second order - the smell coming off the bags was horrific!  It smelled like bug spray or something toxic - they would stink up the whole room!  I returned them hoping for a better batch.  NO LUCK!  They smell just as bad and my husband had to put them out in the garage.  We'll be using them as poop bags for the dog instead of diaper disposal bags.  They smell way too strong to put anywhere near the family!
It broke in 3 different parts within the first week. The wood is very weak and breaks very easily.  This doesn't do well for a toddler... they need to make it with real wood or stronger material!
I wanted to get my child familiar with this thing before I try getting her to sit on it when we are out. I placed this folding potty against the front of my toilet at home, and it seemed stable. My two-year-old said it was comfortable. Then I noticed a puddle growing in front of the toilet and realized that all the pee was coming out! She was just sitting on it normally. I thought I would just let her finish and then clean her up. Well, she started to move or try to get up or something and fell face first onto the ground!The best way I've found to avoid the dirtiest part of the toilet is to sit my kid on the side of the toilet, facing the toilet paper or (even better) the handicapped bar. I usually just hold her as she sits (for stability), and she's never fallen in. This folding potty thing was more trouble than anything. I would not recommend it.
Very very cute bottle but it has a huge flaw. I was instructed by my pediatrician to boil all nursing items for 20 minutes due to my daughter having recurring Thrush.  I put this nurser in with other bottles my daughter had used that day because she touched the bottle repeatedly during feedings after having her hands in Thrush infested mouth.  This nurser shrunk like a shrinky-dink!  It shrunk to about 1/4 of it normal size.  Strangest thing I have ever seen.  Do not use/purchase this nurser/bottle if you boil your bottles to sterilize them due to you or your child being sick.
As you can see in the picture the bottles are (supposed) to be clear and NOT the BPA free ones. I ordered these because I wanted the ones that are not BPA free. I wanted them to be completly clear. When I recieved them I was sad to see that they were the BPA free kind. If I wanted the BPA free ones I would have order them for $7 cheaper per pack..needless to say I am getting a refund. But apparently Dr. Browns doesnt make the clear (non BPA free) ones anymore :( So I suppose I will have to get the BPA free kind, but at least I will be getting them cheaper then this.
I guess I am never going to find a sun shade that actually sticks to my windows.  Even with cleaning them often using alcohol, as the manual suggests, they fall off every single day.  How frustrating!  Might as well save myself the frustration and get my windows tinted!
My son loved this toy on his carrier. But, one week after we attached it to the car seat, it started leaking! I was so disappointed because my son really like the music, and especially pushing the beads back and fourth, and making them rattle.I also found myself constantly attaching it and removing it to be able to get him in and out of the carrier. While it was at a fine height with the carrier handle raised, it hit him in the face when the handle was moved back so that he could be put in or taken out of the seat.A really disappointing product from Baby Einstein. We love and own many of their other items.
I do not like these bags.  The twist tie closure system is cumbersome.  The bags are small.  The plastic is thin and leaks in the freezer when frozen.  The only advantage I can see to these bags is that they are easy to hook to the medella breast pump and pump into directly.
To me, these are terrible.  They are small (only covering half of the surface under the baby), don't absorb much (as its like a piece of paper with a thin plastic coat on the back) and they are WAY to thin that my baby tears it all the time just from kicking and has done so since the age of 4 months.  Personally I wont buy them again.
Ehh, I bought this product to avoid my MIL using the microwave to heat bottles. The thing is that it really depends on the amount of milk and size of bottle. The warmer starts right away and creates a lot of steam. What i found is that a cold bottle from fridge would heat up a lot on the outside but a couple shakes and it would still be cold. I didnt find it evenly heated it through.Its still best to just sit it in hot water for a couple mins. :)But we will use this to keep cool bottles in the freezer pack in the back (remember to freeze the ice pack)-Overall, save your money and use the traditional method.
Our toddler figured out how to pull the entire lid off by 16 months (we didn't introduce the cup until about 10 months, so we got less than 6 months of use out of it).  She pulls off the lid and pours the entire container of cheerios into her carseat.  Munchkin now sells a model with lock on lids.  Skip this model and go for the lock on lid one.  Your carseat will thank you.
Well, I thought it was an OK product at first. It does seal out the orders reasonably well. However I do not recommend it, because after 6 month of use, the rubber part  on top is coming off, making it impossible to use .Since I have read about this problem in other reviews, I do not believe its a fluke. Notice that most positive reviews are from people who have not had it very long. I will replace it with a stainless  steel trash can. Save your money, do not buy this product, because it will break after few months .
The finish is just as described, fairly simple but time consuming to put together and perfect for a small amount of clothes. This is not a long term dresser by any means, Two knobs refuse to tighten and the drawers don't line up quite right. It's being used as a dresser in a nursery. Eventually, my two children will share and room and I'll be getting a matching suite of furniture but in the mean time this does do the job.
I was excited when I found this cooler.  I have twin boys, so I need double the bottles no matter where I go.  Basically, long story short, when the desciption said it would fit "standard" bottles, I figured I was using the right type.  Apparently, Avent bottles are not "standard."  This cooler wants tall, skinny bottles, but unfortunately I (and everyone else I know) use short, stalky bottles.  I think this product was designed a long time ago when tall, skinny bottles were popular.  If you use Dr. Browns, I'm sure they would fit (although they might be too tall), BUT... if you use Avent, Tommie Tippy, etc... then look else where.  I'm pretty disappointed.  I will continue my search, I guess.  On the up side, the price here is cheaper than Babies-R-Us.
I purchased this crib for my grandchild and it has performed well until last evening.  My grand daughter  who is now 17 mos old got her leg wedged in the space between the top rail and the slats.  Fortunately, my daughter heard her crying and went right in to check on her, and found her leg stuck in the space.  It took both her mother and father to get her loose, and fortunately she did not injure her leg.  I am shocked that more parents have not complained about this situation.  I believe this space should be considered very dangerous as the child grows.  This baby is not ready for the toddler bed conversion yet and I would like to know if there is some way to fix this crib to ensure this child's safety.
I have a advanced on the go medela pump which I love, I bought this thinking it might be worthwhile to buy a manual pump that is more portable and less bulky, not needing electric power, adapters, tubings etc...in case I needed to be on the go. I was planning a quick trip to NYC and was hoping to be able to use it quickly, I barely pump out 1 oz when I am usually able to pump 3-4 oz. the handle is awkward.
Perhaps if I hadn't already had a different type of bunting, I wouldn't be so disappointed with this one. My sister loaned me her Eddie Bauer bunting when my son was born. She will be having her next baby any week now, so I had to return it to her which meant I had to buy a new one. I saw nothing but great reviews on this product, so I picked one up.First of all, I followed the washing instructions, washing it separately on delicate and drying it on low, and it ripped at the one seam!! Based on that alone, I will be returning it.Aside from that, having used a bunting with a different design, I am not thrilled with this one. Part of the point of using a bunting is so that when you're in a car where you have heat, you can open up the bunting on a longer drive so baby doesn't overheat. This bunting zips down both sides to the bottom (by the way, zipping/unzipping is tricky with a baby kicking around; the zipper gets stuck in the material a lot), rather than down the middle front (that style zipper was NEVER a problem). Then you have this thick cover at baby's feet and nowhere to go with it, as the bottom of the carseat is up against the back seat of the car! So you either have to rig it so it is up the back of the seat and tucked under the headrest, or you have to leave it on baby's legs.Also, the top of this bunting does fold over so that baby's face isn't covered unless you want it to be, BUT...my 5-month old has no problem picking it up and pulling it up over his own face. He did it this morning on the way to daycare. This bunting is too thick for me to feel comfortable with him doing that. And I can't be reaching in the back seat to pull it down off his face!There is no disputing that the concept of a bunting is great, and that this particular bunting is toasty warm. It is wonderful being able to put the baby in his carseat and strap him in safely w/out a snowsuit being in the way, or having to bundle him up before going out and unbundle him every time you get to your destination. But I don't think the design of the Urban Bundle-Me is great and I actually think this bunting is TOO warm (even with the bunting open on a long car ride the other day, my son's back was all sweaty when we took him out of the carseat). After calling several stores and looking at all my options at Babies 'R' Us, I ended up ordering a new Eddie Bauer All-Season Bunting from Target.com (which cost less than $20 including shipping). I can't wait till it gets here. I will be returning the $60 Urban Bundle-Me as soon as I can.
I got this as a gift and I wish I had a gift receipt to return it...I takes up too much space in the freezer and only holds 12 bags.  Before I got this organizer,  I used a tall rectangular snapware container with a lid; it held more bags and took less space in my freezer. I'm definitely going back to my good old container, I hope to find another use for this.
We didn't care for this seat at all and will be returning it. It's very loose after it's assembled and would not attach securely to the table (our table fits all the specifications as being one that this chair can be used with). The pieces that are pushed upward to hold the chair to the table are lightweight plastic then the arms that come out to keep it stable are attached to the same center plastic part and come out at an off angle (and cannot be adjusted) so they don't press against the table and the whole seat can be moved up and down.Even if it fit the table safely I would still be disappointed, the seat sits back from the edge of the table leaving a big gap which I can see lots of food falling down. The fabric part is cheaply made, crinkly, and only comes in an unattractive red and black.We also own an inglesina fast chair and it's wonderful. We tried this chicco chair because our fast chair does not fit our table. If it will fit your table or you're only planning on using it while traveling the inglesina is the way to go.
I like the idea of warm wipes for baby...but I was very disappointed with this product.  First of all, the dispenser is useless.  We got so frustrated trying to get the wipes to dispense properly out of the top that we just gave up and opened the whole unit to get to them during changes.  Second, the wipes are cold again about a second after you remove them from the container.  I think this is defintely one of those products that you can do without.We have now just unplugged the thing and use it as an attractive wipes holder!
I am yet to find a toilet seat that this potty seat fits on. It is too small for the toilet seats I have tried it on and caves in when my son sits on it.I live outside America and I initially thought that it was just not suitable for toilet seats in Asia, India and Europe. So I took it along on a recent to trip to New York and it didn't fit on the toilet in our apartment there as well.So I wouldn't recommend this potty seat since it just isn't reliable when you travel.
It's useless. The one I bought came broken into pieces and Amazon refunded me the full amount. Thanks to Amazon.This so inferior and cannot hold much. Nowadays I believe no one is using tiny soap bottles or cream bottles as it's cheaper to buy the big ones. This cannot hold any of those.
My baby bends the arches very easily and he's no super- strong baby. He's a regular 7 mo for whom this toy was supposed to be made. Second it stops too frequently, third the butterflies don't spin. In theory it's a good toy in reality- don't bother.
My son's bottles leak when they are tipped over, this thing is like a slow faucet, 10-15 minutes and it's empty. I thought it was just a fluke, so I bought a second one and it does the same thing.
I had NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO idea..!!! I only recieved this pump - no electrical one and I wanted 2 diiiiie! I was in pain for days after I gave birth,irritable because of the lost of sleep and trying to conform to the babies temporary sleeping pattern. I had a low milk supply and breastpumping for 1 hour for only 4ounces - this was not a joke! I wanted 2 diiiie I tell you.. I would finish pumping and da baby would be getting up for a feeding... NOooooo! already, I would think... yes and with only 4 oz to show. Here I go with the stupid MANUEL pump... NO.. I NOW know better.... electronic and a good brand- so what you pay 300. and change its worth your sanity, sleep, time, energy and appreciation for the bond with the baby. My milk supply in time grew (not soon enough) I am still nursing and again the manuel pump and I did NOT have a good relationship. We started off badly
This is a great stroller for 1 child but not for 2It was impossible for my 2 year old to sit or stand in the back with my 1 month old riding in the front which I thought was the entire point of this strollerIt is only a good buy if both of your children are old enough to ride in the seats only the infant carrier part is completely useless !!!
Ink came out of the giraffe's eye and body when I washed it - not only on the first time. It makes an annoying sound when squeezed and my babe doesn't even like it. Sucks.
This tub seemed like a no-brainer based on the many reviews, but I'm not thrilled.  Here's why:1) You only need the sling for about a week until the baby's cord falls off.  After that I find it far preferable to put the baby in the water because he is much warmer and happier.  Not worth buying this for the sling, just do sponge baths until cord falls off2) It's massive for a small baby.  There is a bumper to support their behind, but at 4-5 weeks the baby can arch his back and slide right over it.  I used a much smaller tub at my mom's, just a simple rectangular plastic thing that was just long enough for the baby to "sit" in with my support and he was much happier since he could push his legs against the end of the tub and not feel so out in the open.  With this thing his legs are everywhere3) Because it is massive, cleanup isn't fun.  Rinsing the whole thing out in a kitchen setting is awkward because it is huge. Would be OK in a big bathtub though.
Mine broke the first week I had it. (One of the inner flap's spring broke.) It does not contain odors very well.However, I do like the foot pedal for opening and it does hold a lot of diapers. I feel like I would have been better off with a regular trash can with a lid though.
I had high hopes that this product would keep my 2 year old out of the fridge, but it wasn't even on for 30 minutes before she pulled it right off of the fridge. So sad that this product was cheap and unreliable.
I purchased these when my husband didn't want me to drill into our existing cabinets.  They worked well but...the area where you stick the base in the cabinet is not as deep as the lock would like it to be.  This makes the anchor shift over use and it eventually (after a few days of opening and closing) will get pushed to an angle where it won't actually catch and lock until you readjust it.  So as long as you are always present in the room when the child is, it's fine...but if you are not, I am not sure it's fully trust-able if you have a narrow cabinet depth.
My husband bought this for our baby and were we were highly disappointed. The shower portion did not work at all. We kept it for the sling and tub, but honestly we could have purchased that at a lot less. My baby grew out of this tub by 4 months as she became active she didn't have room to kick.
No good. Does not clean very well, occasionally you will have milk stains on the botttle after cleaning.I would recommend this insteadhttp://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B000RFCSMQ/ref=as_li_tl?ie=UTF8&camp;=1789&creative;=390957&creativeASIN;=B000RFCSMQ&linkCode;=as2&tag;=travguid0ca-20
Short of duct tape and super glue, I tried everything to get these to stick to the windows and they will. not. stick. Complete waste of money and time. Not to mention dangerous should these hit a newborn in the face or head. Avoid this product at all cost.
I purchased this to aid in co sleeping with my baby. I washed it once I received it, and I feel after the wash, though I followed the instructions, it didn't seem to fit together all that well anymore. We tried it in our bed once and it was just way too cumbersome for us to use. We are now using it as a changing table for when we travel.
This thermometer is cute, and a great idea to have for bath time...but ours quit working after 2 uses. And the times that it did work in kind of questioned its reliability. Perhaps we got a lemon but might be worth looking into something else from our experience.
Very hard to fill up with water. Extremely a small. My infant is only 23 inches long and his feet hang way off. It is hard to balance on for an infant.
If you are a 1st time mom with a crying baby and you are doing this by yourself and you cant have 10 eyes, this is a waste of money and I am sure glad I did not spend my own money on this but I felt bad for the person who gave it to me as a gift. You really have to be on your toes about it and who has the time, nevertheless; the ENERGY!
It worked well for a few weeks then the adhesive wore off and quit sticking.  Now it is just a crappy piece of plastic.
I registered for this and got it home and put it together. It didnt seem to fit together right. I took it back and bought a basic tub and a foam bear pad to lay her on. Much better. less $$ and easy to use.
We were disappointed in these play yard panels. Compared to others we have, they were floppy and not secure when baby pulls himself up on them. We also noticed that the connectors where you latch one panel to another, are extremely difficult to hook together and not very sturdy. They absolutely stand well and if they were constructed a bit better, we would be very happy with them. We would not recommend these, but rather would recommend ones that are stronger.
I washed this cover before using according to the directions on the tag and even used gentle cycle. After washing it had several lose strings and pulls along the edge of the fabric. It's a beautiful cover but I expected it to wash better for the price. Baby isn't even here yet and this looks old and worn after one wash!
I was thinking that this would be really handy for outlets that I use more frequently and I am sure if could be if I had not had trouble installing it. I removed my old switch plate and replaced it with this one. However when I was installing it (using the screw that it came with) the screw broke off and the tip is now stuck in my outlet box. I now have to turn off my electricity and remove the outlet box to try and fish the screw out from the other end. In the meantime I have an exposed outlet which kind of defeats the purpose of getting a safety cover. Hopefully once I managed to get this item installed it will be smooth sailing.
I NEVER REALLY COULD GET COMFORTABLE WITH THIS THIS SLING.  I THINK MY DAUGHTER IS TOO SMALL.  WITH ALL THE FABRIC IT JUST SEEMS AWKWARD.  MUCH PREFER THE FRONT CARRIER.
This hat is, to put it plainly, horrible.  My baby is 8 weeks old and his head is in the 25th percentile for circumference and my husband and I had to struggle to even get it on his head.  Once we did have it on, sort of, we had to pull  it down to his nose to fill it out.  Needless to say we aren't keeping it.
This is supposed to keep your kids safe.  My 18mth old figured out how to open this in a matter of days.
--have had this swing for 6 months---i am a bit disappointed in the swing, but its also been a good swing in some aspects.  After only 2 months in use, there are little 'picks' fuzzies all over the fabric and they are very rough and scratchy so I have to continually remove them.  the tray is WORHTLESS! I cannot even hardly get it on or off, the snap is ridiculous so we don't even use the tray at all.  I wish it had more songs, it seems they are mainly outdoor sounds.  the pillow does NOT come off and it propped my babys head at an odd angle, chin to chest, so i  try and move the pillow and i usually have the pillow rested ON her head since it isnt removable( she didnt notice, was resting on TOP of her head lol). this swing is pricey and have somme bad design. i am about to purchase another swing, that sits baby more upright and acually has a tray we can use from cosco or something around $50 bucks that to me, is more worth our money NOW, since she is 6 months old and ready to not lay almost flat all the tim like she does in this swing. but i got THIS swing because it plugs in to the wall which is GREAT
uncomfortable
It looks cute but  the wire is too short, the clip is big and hard which hurts my baby if he touches it.
Baby hats can be a bit tricky.  The depth of the hat is too long.  It doesn't stretch in any way so it has to fit perfectly or it will slip over your baby's face or not fit at all.  The design doesn't make sense to me.  I would not recommend.
My doctor recommended putting my babies at a 30 degree angle due to acid reflux. I purchased this but my babies roll off completely. I tried putting all kinds of padding on it, but my kids still roll off. Its just not comfortable, I am sending it back.
These bowls do not work, if you press down to suction to a flat surface they almost immediately lose suction. If you are looking for a suction bowl, don't buy this one. I haven't seen/found a suction bowl on the market that works to date.
My baby thought this was a bit too much stimulation.  She was 3 months old when we tried it.  First, the two side holders could not fold out without squishing her in.  (And she is small for her age)  The mobile was neat.  For some reason, the removable bee made her cry on instant.  The seat seemed small and like she would grow out of it quickly.  However, the fabric is soft.  The speakers were a neat unique feature.  Overall, she never grew to like it and we returned it.  We ended up purchasing the Leap Frog Learning Seat which is really neat and has age appropriate stimulation.
These cups leak like crazy! I took pictures of them leaking. I will be uploading them into amazon's product picture page, we'll see if it's approved. There is a hole at the base of the nozzle, right where it meets the colored plastic. I don't know why the hole is there, but all of the cups have this design flaw. Don't waste your money on these cups. They are cute, but they leak and make a terrible mess. I've tried gerber cups and those were a lot better.
The idea of this product is fantastic, the product itself needs help.I was looking forward to using this, since I am so much taller than my daughter and I have a bad back. I was hoping it would save me from bending over too much while assisting her to walk. The product seemed to raise up on her and would end up under her chin. It would help if there was a strap or something that would go between the legs rather than just go around the torso. The design is a bit flawed. She is starting to walk on her own now and we never did get any use out of this product. Wasted money, at least it wasn't expensive.
I bought a pretty princess seat cover just like this one and then saw this Sesame Street one in Burlington Coat Factory & confirmed (from taking it out of the box_) that it is the same thing, just different decoration. At any rate, I out it on the toilet and the overhang lip in the front does not hang over enough. If it did, I think it would help keep it in place better. However, the cushions on the underneath (wish they would show you that on the product images) are just that, a cushion. It has nothing to do with actually helping hold the potty seat in place, as it slides around all too easily. It snapped open well and I felt it was good, but once I sat my 16month old 21lb girl on it, I better understand the reviews others are giving. Although it's snapped together pretty solidly, when I put my daughter on it, she seat really sunk in toward the toilet water a bit, enough to worry me too much to keep it. I can see where people might say it pinches because although it's not supposed to bend anymore in that direction, it does, and could possibly pinch. My main issues with the seat though are that it:1 - had nothing to click it/stick it on the seat to keep it in place2 - sinks down under the weight of my 21 lb girl3 - I can see my own hands getting unsanitary from touching the seat to open and close it after being on the toiletI think it's a great idea, but not a well developed/made product to do the job it's supposed to do.
I bought this for my 6 week old daughter because the price was nice and the table was attractive. I tried to put it together and I could not figure it out! It does not seem very sturdy at all and I would be worried putting her on it. I am returning it back to the store. My sister has the same table and her's is fine. Maybe I just picked up a bad one.
I registered for this item and received it as a gift, why, I don't know.  I never really even travel by car too often.  I decided to try it out the one time I did travel, my son was 4 months old.. I plugged it in and waited and waited and waited and the item never ever heated up.  It just remained cold.  I tried to take it back to Babies R Us but the return time had already passed so they wouldn't take it back.  My advice on this item is, don't buy it, even if it does work, you will probably never use it.
The mobile is too heavy and it simply does not attach properly to the crib (it slides forward and since the construction is so cheap I have no confidence that it won't dettach and fall in the crib).  I was very happy to find such a cheap mobile to replace our old/broken one since I was only hoping to get 4-6 weeks of use before converting to a music box since my (preemie) baby is already 5mo old but still unable to get up on hands and knees.
My son spit up in his sleep for the first 6 months, so this product was wonderful.  However, by the time that he was 6 months old, all of my ultimate crib sheets had developed holes and cracks in the plastic backs.  The product was such a life saver that I will purchase new ones (maybe a different brand) for future children, but I really expected more than 6 months of use out of these.
Update: 6-months later - the sliding mechanism has loosened up considerably with use.  It now slides smoothly without pinching our hands.  I've found the gate to be strong and secure - it has never weakened or popped out when my son tries to stand on it.  So, if you buy it, try rubbing some wax, or something, on it to help in the beginning, because it was pretty dangerous at first.  And also be aware that little hands can still get pinched in between the actual rungs when you're opening it. That will happen with any slotted, sliding gate.  Some further negatives I found is that the latch is loud, and it's also difficult for grandma to open and close because she has arthritis in her hands.  And with it being difficult for her to do, she tries repeatedly and the noise is very loud and annoying.  I'm always afraid she's going to wake the kids.  So, if you have your mom at your house a lot, get something easier.  It will save a lot of frustration - for both of you!-----I've had this installed for a little over a week and have seriously pinched my skin twice on it.  What happens is when you unlatch it, you first have to slide the gate in, then swing it out.  There are metal brackets that hold the two halves of the gate together, and in which the horizontal wooden bars slide along to extend and contract (look at the photo - you'll see what I mean).  The sliding movement is quite stiff and hard to do.  I'm sure with use it will loosen, or perhaps I can put some wax on there.  But when you're opening the gate in a rush, as I did today when we were hit with a sudden downpour and I needed to run upstairs to shut the windows, I put too much muscle into getting the darn thing to slide, and the outside of my hand got pinched beneath the metal bracket.  The first time I did this last week my older son woke up yelling for me and I wanted to get upstairs quickly before he woke the baby.  My hand got pinched under that metal part and I thought to myself that I need to be more careful. But busy parents like us don't have the time to stop and think about being careful when opening a gate.  When we've got screaming kids and rain coming through the windows, the last thing we should have to worry about is hurting ourselves on a SAFETY gate!! I dont' mean to beat a dead horse, but seriously, that's not good.  The pinch I got today was major painful - I've got a blood blister that's almost half an inch long!
This hat is appropriate for a 3 month to 6 month child.  It would be too tight for an older child, would be better if band around head was elastic or more flexible.
They came on time and we're very cute and brightly colored. The only problem I had was that I bought them to teach my daughter where her hands and feet were and the rattles in these were literally non existent. So she had absolutely no interest in having them on and got very bored with them very quick.Note to manufacturer:Make them with louder rattles so babies will actually be interested in them for more than two seconds
I received this toy as a baby shower gift and my son is now 13 months. We introduced the toy at 6 months.Pros:- He likes the shapes. They each make a different sound and are different colors.Cons:- Each of the shapes can fit easily into any of the holes, defeating the purpose of being a shape sorter all together.- When you drop the circle ball into the circle hole it falls out of the square hole on the opposite side.- It is bulky and not something you can just throw into a diaper bag. I wouldn't mind this if the toy was useful, but it isn't.Overall this is an overpriced sack that you can stuff different shaped soft balls into. If you are looking for a proper shape sorter you would be better served by theToysmith Battat Sound Puzzle Box. If you are looking for a soft toy that your young infant will enjoy and possibly learn from, try theLamaze High-Contrast Discovery Shapes Activity Puzzle & Crib Gallery. I'm sorry I got this.
I didn't like this because I couldn't see my son in the mirror.  I drive an SUV and I found a bigger mirror instead.
my baby girl had the worst colic and gas while using these bottles. i was so upset because i invested in about 20 of them. i'll admit i was atracted the pretty colors and neat design first of all, which is why i registered for these bottles. my baby could barely suck any formula out of these and would become tired and frusterated and would take an hour to eat a 4 oz bottle. reluctantly i tried the Dr Browns bottles and thank goodness i did. they are fabulous, she finishes her bottle in no time and is much happier and no gas. too bad Dr. Brown's bottles are not "pretty" but who really cares when you have a happy baby who eats and is not up all nite with colic ??  I found the price of both brands of bottles to be about the same and both have extra parts to wash, but Dr. Browns are worth it.For those of you that do like the Vent Aires i have one caution i would like to mention: do not skip the removal of bottom ring and disk when washing to save time... grime builds up on the disk and ridges in bottom ring if you dont wash all parts separately ( i found out that husband and other care takers didnt know that all parts had to be removed when washing and ended up with some gunk in a few of my bottles) Also make sure that the disc is perfectly fitted into the bottom ring before screwing onto bottle and adding milk b/c it will leak (found that out the hard way)
I like think the idea of our child not flinging his bowl on the floor while his was becoming more independent.These suction bowls did not do has promised.They become just another baby/toddler bowl in our cupboard.
We've found hit-and-miss uses for these chopsticks for our 2.5 year old son. I like that the connection piece helps to teach him proper technique but it's a little bulky for his little fingers to wrap around. I tried adjusting them further down the chopsticks so that he wouldn't have to grip/hold the chopsticks together so hard to hang on to a piece of food. That seemed to help a bit. However, we've found the material that the chopsticks are made out of to be too plastic-ky/slippery to be used with the foods that we eat. He'll use them once or twice at the beginning of the meal and then, he gets frustrated and asks for his fork or spoon. It's very exciting when he does get a piece of chicken or vegetable into his mouth though, so I'm hoping that he'll use the chopsticks more as he grows up and can give a firmer grip to his food. It's so sad when he finally picks up a piece of food with the chopsticks only to have it fall out just as he's about to put it in his mouth.
I got this warmer as a shower gift. It does warm the bottle to the perfect temperature. It has drawbacks, though. I took us 6 minutes to heat up a bottle that we had in the fridge. It also developed some brown crusty looking stuff in the bottom of it, and all the numbers rubbed off the measuring tube. We barely even use it anymore because it it not too convenient when you have a hungry baby waiting for her bottle.
People...please don't get ripped off. I went to Walgreens and got a large 50 count of underlayment pads that fit perfectly on our changing table for 3.99  Please don't fall victim to the cute designs and baby marketing gimmicks. These work...but you can get the exact same thing at your pharmacy for much much less.
I bought this, I received another type of swaddling blanket and my baby HATED this. She didnt cry more, she screamed more when I tried to swaddle. The velcro was not strong and the way it contoured to my babys body was not smoothing to my daughter.. SO buy 1, receive 1 and if your baby likes it... maybe it will work but it was to no AVAIL for me...
My baby never wanted to take them, or when he did, he looked like he was going to choke (even with the newborn nipples!), and was doing a mess, with milk dripping everywhere. The Evenflo nipples were cheaper and better.
I bought this because a couple of my friends had it for their children - well - I can say that any sqeaky toy will do.  This is not some miracle squeak toy that is worth $20 - I would pass and get a cheaper version
What a disappointment!  We were so grateful to receive this at a baby shower- it was something we really wanted.  However, it did not live up to expectations.  The sound quality was awful- very, very quiet even on the highest volume setting and, even worse, extreme static.  I exchanged it for another one thinking that maybe the first was defective but had the same problems.  For such an expensive item the quality is very poor.We ended up ordering the Fisher Price Tape Player online and it is really wonderful.  We love it- buy it instead, better quality and cheaper!
I paid a ridiculous amount for this and it doesn't fit either of my tub faucets. I'm not sure what kind it DOES fit. Bummed.
The side rails are much smaller than I expected! I should have reviewed the dimensions more carefully! I am not convinced the "locking" system is worth anything! And this thing was a pain to put together! Some steps are overly detailed and others appear to be missing vital information. There are sentences that are not proper English and make no sense at all. In conclusion, the construction is cheap!
I really wanted to love these based on all of the wonderful reviews, but I didn't  I also thought Boon stated this problem was fixed, but it's not.  The smell was awful and I knew these would make it to my son's mouth and I didn't know what kind of chemicals could be on there.  Oh well, maybe someday they will just sell the foam pieces alone..then I'll get them!Since you have to give a star, I'd say that star is for Amazon's customer service and really easy return policy.  This is the first thing I've ever returned, so I didn't know what to expect and it was more than pleasant!
Do not like this product...lids DO NOT STAY ON from the moment i un-packed them. They have not been in dishwasher. Also very hard to get frozen cubes out. I will no longer use this item!!
I returned this product due to the several reasons:-  It is too bulky- I ended up pinching my finger while installing it ( do not want my child to do it since he will be trying to figure out how to open it)
Let me preface this by saying Yes, I installed it correctly directly on the toilet and not ontop of the seat. It still shifts around both while using the step and while sitting on the seat. Now my once eager toddler is afraid of the big potty because he nearly fell even though I was there to assist him. Please believe the negative comments here and don't assume an installation problem is to blame. I ended up taking a Giant Step Backwards in our potty training and am struggling to reassure my kid to give the big potty another try after the scare this caused.
i order this because my LO eat her hand often. i decided to give her this but she cried because its so hard. before i gave it to my LO i boiled them for 2 minutes. the mirror broke, the teether with rubber melt. i guess it was my fault. but i used to boil everything i bought before i gave my daughter.
This item is not 34.4 sq. ft. as advertised. Upon noticing the significant size difference between this play yard and our 32 sq. ft. play mat, we took measurements. This item is actually 29.9 sq. ft. and incorrectly advertised. Have scheduled a pickup for return.
Works well, but you basically need to also buy the steps that go with it or your kid cannot get on the potty by themselves.. which is the point.  To be honest we have the mini potty by baby bjorn and it is simpler and the kids can do it all on their own... so this might be good for someone to use in a second bathroom where they do not want to have a little potty sitting around. You can easily hide it behind the toilet...
This item is a great IDEA. Key word, 'IDEA'.PROS:- It's a 4-in-1: elbow rest, knee rest, storage pocket for wash/shampoos, and then later can be used as a stepping stool.- Cute little ice animal theme, polar bears, penguins, whales, etc.- The elbow rest has suction cups that attach to the tubside.- The little storage pockets that hang on the side are helpful for all those crazy bath toys and products babies come with.CONS:- What I did not consider before purchasing this item was the placement of my bathtub's faucet and the toilet. We have two bathrooms, and both bathtubs, on the side where the faucet is the toilet is directly next to it. Generally, if one were to be giving their child a bath, they would be right by the faucet so that they could control the water flow/temperature.... With toilets directly next to my bathtubs, I can't exactly kneel with 3 inches between the two porcelain objects. Hah. I sit uncomfortably on the closed toilet instead and lean over the whole time, which SUCKS.- The stool does not raise up to be any higher than what the picture shows. It is a very VERY short stepping stool, and will be useless for quite a while.- The suction cups for the elbow rest POP OFF almost every time you lean on it, which defeats the purpose. They were very hard to get to stay put in the first place before anyone ever leaned on it.- Also, the top of the elbow rest CRACKED after maybe the 2nd time we used it.Conclusion:I LOOOVED the idea of this product. Still haven't seen a similar product, but I was very disappointed with the quality and exact features of this, and I was frustrated with myself for not considering that I couldn't even use this feature because of my bathroom set-ups. This will be up for sale at my next garage sale.
The brush bristles are SO HARD! I was using this and in my mind I'm just going, I feel like I'm using a toilet brush not a baby bottle brush. Even my dad asked me if I bought the wrong one! And I have to tell him, I got this off the baby section!S*** I think a toilet brush may even be softer!I can't even get the whole brush in with out using full force to force it in. And then pulling the brush out causes the soap suds to fly all over the sink, counter and on me!HORRIBLE HORRIBLE HORRIBLE!Def. going back to the OXO Tot baby brush!
My husband and I picked out this diaper pail when I was pregnant with my son because friends told us to get one that uses regular garbage bags. That turned out to be the only perk of this diaper pail. The springs have been popping off since about the first month. My son is now 10 months old and recently one of the springs broke, which completely gets rid of the supposed &quot;odor-free&quot; feature (which I found wasn't exactly true either).  Now that we are expecting baby #2 I am going to have to buy another diaper pail to replace this one. My advice: Don't waste your money. It's just as efficient to throw your diapers in a regular trash can.
All children are different, and for me this was a complete waste of money.  My son didn't play with them when he was 1, and we brought them out later.  He still didn't.  Several times more...he's still completely disinterested.  I think it might be because he had soft squishy squirters first and these hard toys didn't interest him.  They also turn upside down all the time, which is annoying.You never know what your child will like!
I asked a question about this item before I purchased as I could not find regular camo ANYWHERE else, so I wanted to make sure this was the &#34;regular&#34; and not the &#34;digital camo&#34;. (As I had ordered it elsewhere and was told the &#34;regular camo&#34; was discontinued. So, from the answer I received from the customer, I went ahead and ordered...Super excited because I was going to give it to my husband :)So when I received it I opened and was immediately disappointed...IT WAS DIGITAL CAMO. I contacted Amazon and they informed me they did not carry the regular camo anymore and gladly refunded me 100%I had an amazing experience with Amazon, but the product is NOT Described correctly and the picture should be changed so this doesn't happen again!
I bought these only to keep in the diaper bag to use when I have my baby in a public restroom and don't want her to touch the communal changing table.  I chose this option thinking it would be better than using reusable vinyl pads that are made in China and have lead.  I should have heeded the negative reviews.I realized these were small, but they are super tiny.  Even my little munchkin who is still around 12 pounds at nearly three months of age will not be able to get away with using just one of these at a time if I don't want her to touch the changing table.  That means I have to overlap two of them, which is double the cost and still doesn't provide enough coverage when she wiggles, scoots, and kicks.  When other reviewers said they are thin, they were not exaggerating.  I have used two ply toilet paper that feels thicker than one of these, except these have some sort of mega-thin plasticized element that must be there to purportedly help make them waterproof.  I honestly don't see how this will hold anybody's urine because I doubt that anything this thin can be that absorbent.If you need something to use for a changing table in your home, I would highly recommend buying some old-school Gerber lap pads.  They have cotton flannel on both sides, with a layer of waterproof material in the middle.  I have used them on top of my normal changing table pad since day one and have never had anything leak through one of them.  I am now considering buying more of them to carry in the diaper bag and just bag them and wash them at home after each use.  They are much thicker and look more comfortable than this tiny, thin, cheap stuff from Sassy.  Plus, one of them is big enough to prevent my baby from actually touching the gross, germy changing table.Bottom line:  save yourself some time and money.  Skip these and find another option.
When I opened the packaging I was appalled by the strong chemical smell of this mattress pad. I had to open the windows to get rid of the smell in the room even after I wrapped the pad back in plastic. I can't imaging my baby being in the same room with this product, let alone sleep on it! I also realized that there is no need to have a water proof mattress pad because most crib mattresses these days already come in a water proof cover. The non-waterproof cover I got was a much better choice for my baby.
I bought this product because of the glowing reviews, but my son had zero interest in it.  It's a shame, too, because he's had 8 teeth since he was 8 months old and at 11 months I still haven't figured out a way to get them brushed.
This is one of those items I thought was a must have when having our first child.  We hardly use it.  Yes, we do find it nice to have at times, but for the price and amount of use we've gotten out of it borrow one if you can or find something less expensive to use.  This is a difficult item to review or buy because you really can't know what your needs will be until you have your first child.  All of the positive reviews are nice, but you may not be as avid a user as they all are.
this turtle lasted about 6 months and then started getting rusty and went dead, its not well made , but a its great idea which needs to be improved
My baby loved this, but the toy bar has a frog that moves and it broke right away.  The gears got messed up or something and it began to make this loud clicking and grinding sound.  This upset my baby and also upset me since I payed so much for this.  I have since read other reviews that say theirs did this same thing, so it must be a flaw with the whole line of these and not just mine.
When my husband unpacked the box, we were really disappointed. It is made of cheap particle board (there are different qualities of particle board). The corners were chipped off. I don't see how it can be shipped without being damaged. Too bad, it was the perfect size for our room. We returned it.
I have had this item for a few years.  It is attached to the side of the tub with the supplied suction cup piece.  About once a month, I come in to find it in the bathtub with all the toys dumped out because it doesn't stay stuck to the wall very well.  Finally, last week it fell and the toes on the frog knocked a hole in the fiberglass tub.  For the time being, I was able to buy a kit and repair the hole, but I'm sure this will be an issue when I go to sell the house.  I know I'd be concerned purchasing a house with a broken tub.  Needless to say, the frog is now gone.
UPDATE ~ I honestly only used this from when my son was an infant til about 4 months. It WAS helpful THEN. Once he hit around 14lbs, it was too heavy and hurt my back. I bought an Ergo and LOVE it. I still use it with him (24lbs and 15 months old). Much more comfortable for both my son and myself. No back pain and can be worn multiple ways. I would NOT buy the Bjorn again.ORIGINAL REVIEW ~ We live in FL, which is why I chose this carrier. We LOVE it. Very comfortable. Easy on/off. The fabric is very breathable. We go on walks and I don't feel overheated- neither does baby. Both my husband and I love this. Highly recommended!
These bottles are useful for storing milk....they are sturdy and fit in bottle warmers nicely.  My baby hates them for feeding, however.  I now just use these for storage and then pour the warmed milk into Playtex Nurser bottles.  I bought the Medela system when I was pregnant b/c I wanted what was best for my baby...and I was led to believe that Medela nipples would be most like the breast.  Um, no.  Take one look at them and it's pretty clear.  My baby wouldn't even take it in her mouth.  She instantly responded to the Playtex nipples, however.  Much, much better!
I seriously don't know what all the fuss is about this thing.  Yes my daughter likes it somewhat but she is not IN LOVE.  Doesn't like it enough to justify $20 on a chew toy.  I say chew toy because I've had several people tell me they thought it looked like a dog toy.  Waaaaaaaaay overpriced.
My daughter loved these, but I had to throw them away after a month or so. They grew mold on the inside even though we squirted out the water after each bath. I tried to clean them, but you just can't get the mold out once it is in there. Better off finding bath toys without a hole.
this shawl is way to thick and heavy, it doesn't allow for any air circulation. I recommend the Pirose nursing scarf instead
I used this with kid#2. Even as a newborn, he seemed too big(born at 7.12) He would slide all over even when held and even would slide down with his back ending up on the butt gap. Then cause of the folding gap, water poured out with every movement he made, no matter how little water I put in it. Also, the water level it holds(min. or max.) was so low that his poor little parts were way above the waterline. Boys tend not to like cold down there. To be wet then above the water just didn't work. I ended up using this hammock-on-a-frame type thing I got for #1 when she was little and bathed him in a regular tub. Made it alot easier to wash his hair too since he was leaning back. I would not recommend this one to anyone. With the trouble and effort, you are better of cradling them in your arms over the tub. same amount of support/lack of water/one handedness
I love osocozy! I use their prefectfit prefolds! Thought I would live these! Nope! They are very thin! & after a couple washes the fabric starts to ball up! Wouldn't purchase again!
I bought this because of the wipe warmer, but it is terrible.  The wipes at the bottom will dry out and turn brown within just a few days, and the insert for "pop-up" wipes won't stay down in the unit, so it just comes out with the wipes, making it impossible to grab a wipe with one hand.  The unit is supposed to snap on top of the organizer, but mine kept sliding off.  I gave up after a few weeks and just took the unit off the organizer, and super-glued a regular wipe container on top of the organizer, that I just keep buying refills for.  My baby doesn't seem to mind cold wipes.I still use the organizer, though, and I like it.  It says that it holds about 20 diapers, but when your baby is little, and using diapers through size 2, you can turn them sideways so that you can actually fit in twice as many in two rows instead of just one.  They slide out easily and never seem to get stuck in the netting.  The little pockets on the side are handy for a tube of diaper rash ointment, etc.
I have an UPPA VISTA, the handle bars are at a 45 degree angle with no bend in them. The Jolly Jumper fits on the handle bars but the bag also sits at a 45 degree angle. Basically, this would work if I always carried around a drink with a cap on it but never an open container. If you have a stroller that will hold the bag level it will probably work better for you.Aside from the angle of the handle bars, I wasn't thrilled with it in general. The cup holders are not large enough to fit larger coffee cups or even larger water bottles. There is nothing that really gives the caddy any structure so the bottom part swings while the top stays rigid, making things bounce around. I tried this caddy head to head with the Sunshine Kids Buggy Buddy (which is cheaper) and found that caddy to be better material, better structure and the cup holders stretch to hold larger cups.
Yes, scratchy!  I was quite surprised by the rough texture of the top layer of the sheet.  It feels like very cheap, low thread count material, not nearly as soft as most bedsheets.  When my daugher used this sheet, she had a skin rash and started getting a bold spot on the back of her head.  It's possible, of course, that these were unrelated to the sheet.  However, both problems improved substantially when we removed it and put her on a softer, normal bed sheet.Also, I agree with another poster that this could be a dangerous product, especially if your baby is older and moves around her crib a lot.  There is no way to tuck the sides under, as with a regular sheet, so a baby could find her way under the sheet and suffocate.  Keep in mind, too, that undoing the snaps is very easy--so easy, a baby could do it!  The elastic bands connecting the sheet to the crib also make me nervous.  Could an older baby pinch or strangle herself in these?My daughter is now six months, and rolls around her crib.  I won't be regularly using this sheet anymore.  But, there is an upside.  This product is AMAZINGLY easy to use.  Snap, snap--that's it.  There is no lifting the mattress.  And it is waterproof underneath (unlike a certain zipper sheet, I could name), so in an emergency you don't have to worry about the mattress.  Recently, my daughter had a stomach virus, diarrhea everywhere.  To make matters worse, I caught it and was too light-headed to lift a 20lb crib mattress.  This sheet was perfect.
We got one of these when our son was a newborn in part to avoid interference with some 2.4 GHz devices around the house. It worked reasonably well until just out of warranty, when the parent unit broke (the switch,  apparently). We couldn't return it, and couldn't repair it. Stuck with a child unit, and figuring it was just one of those things, we decided to buy a replacement pair, and just have an extra child unit we could swap in and out as a replacement. Gosh, what do you know, the new child unit broke down, and we had only one parent and child unit, and then the second child unit broke down.We didn't drop, wet, or otherwise abuse any of these units, and followed the recharge and usage instructions to a T.Whatever the reason for the breakages, and however much the features may appeal, I don't think 12 months of combined use for two units is what you would call reliable. In fact, I call it awful. Avoid at all costs.
I accidentally broke my Diaper Genie Delux so I picked this one up not knowing the difference between the two. I HATE it. While the Delux has its own set of problems, I actually couldn't live without it. But this version is just terrible. First of all, it's smaller than it looks so I can only fix a few size 6 diapers in before I have to change it. But the worst part is that without the foot pedal, you have to SQUISH the diapers down into the Diaper Genie, and my hands always get dirty. I don't see the point in even offering this model for sale. I hate it!
This item is not top quality.  I don't have too many of this company's other products, so if this is an example of their quality than I don't think I will.  First off the cover does not open without popping off the hinge and needing to be reattached, the batteries only lasted through two cd's, the volume doesn't get very high, and it doesn't even fit on the side of our crib.  Being in the baby business they should know that not all crib's are made the same.  You are much better off just getting a simple boom box that play's cd's.
I live in a condo and have cordless phones and wireless internet. I found this product had terrible static. In comparison, the Fisher Price 900mhz Long Range Monitor sounded excellent.
the shower is extremely weak and the water flow is so slow that i stopped using it few minutes after the first time i tried this product.  the tub is small to begin with and having the shower pump/spray inside the tub all the more makes it small.  my 2.5 month-old's legs ended up either banging the shower contraption or simply hanging out of the tub!  worst tub ever, not worth it...  i bought the Eurobath instead (by Primo) which, on the contrary, is the best tub ever!
Unfortunately even when used properly they leaked. I ended up returning these because they didn't do the job. I haven't found a decent alternative so I've been pumping one side as my daughter nurses on the other.
I bought this tub for my friend and she said it was a terrible product.  The sling was poorly made and the sprayer broke after 5 uses.  She told me she should have listened to me and just used the kitchen sink w/ the sprayer. At least that doesn't break.
The sling option was nice for my newborn baby, but, as he got bigger I had to remove the sling because there was a big hump of plastic jabbing him in the back. Troubles started when he was an infant, his little body squirmed all over and I had to wrestle to keep his head up and not falling into the water and body from sliding.I would skip this tub and use bathe a newborn in the sink and then invest in a Primo tub. That is what I ended up  buying and it is WONDERFUL.
I bought this b/c I have 2 other Halo sacks which I loved but were more expensive. There's a reason for difference in price - material not as soft and the zipper separates. Poor quality.
I've always used Lansinoh nursing pads, but decided to try these, since they were half as expensive. I found out there's a reason they're half as expensive. They're incredibly itchy! Many times the pleat on the inside has a scratchy piece of glue that rubs and is uncomfortable. Also, after nursing once or twice the stuffing gets all messed up and bunchy, which is a huge pain in public because it's hard to change them discreetly, but if you don't, it looks like you have a wad of Kleenex stuffed into your bra. Not cool. Stick with Lansinoh.
OK, so it heats wipes, and is comfy for the babies, but I hate this thing.The door NEVER stays closed - to the point we always put something on top to keep it closed.I tried bending the tab, and that worked for a few days, but we'd always go to reach for a wipe, to find a dry one because the moisture evaporated, then through out one or even two to et to a 'wet' one, and then the frequency of having to add water to the sponge at the bottom made this thing a chore.I was so glad the day the kids grew out of diapers and was happy to recycle this, I didn't even want to give t to someone for free.
The sheet seems to be made well though it fits a loosely. Despite being made  of cotton and having a 220 thread count, it feels quite rough. The only cotton crib sheets I've found so far that feel smoother are Laura Ashley.I ordered blue and in the picture it has a woven or printed dot pattern. That's not what I received. I received solid blue.
The spout on these cups is not actually soft -- for a beginning sippy-cup-user, these are actually quite difficult to drink from.
When I got this, it was a new product and had great reviews. Well, problems surface over time with this junk. I needed something with long range to accomodate our 6,000 square feet ranch. This works ok around the house, but I will get out of range once in a while even when unit is sitting still and nothing moves in front of it. Our child is in the family bed so we only use it for naptimes. Thank goodness. If I had to use it at night, this would be in the trash by now. All the snap, cracle and pop and occasionally beeping out of nowhere, how can people take that in the middle of the night? To adjust the volume you  have to push on the button which beeps with each push with the same volume frequency. Yes, it is very loud. And the rechargable batteries? Great thought, but these things don't hold any charge. After one year of using it for couple hours a day, it holds charge for about 1 hour. Thank goodness I have two units and can take the other one when first one dies. Replacement batteries not available anywhere that I could find. even our battery store couldn't help and I refuse to buy anymore products from Graco regarding this monitor. They already stole my money for it in the first place. What a junk. This was the WORST baby expense I have made. Honestly. I absolutely hate this monitor but suffer with it for the naps. Baby is growing up and soon this junk will go in the junk.
Bought these to prevent sun spots on my face in the summer months due to my long commute. These offer good coverage (without affecting visibility) compared to the typical screens and a good alternative to permanent tinting, which isn't allowed for the front windows in my area for some reason. I use a squeegee to apply with minimal bubbles. The hard part is the plastic material is stretchy so it's hard to get straight. Also, I didn't realize these were primarily made for rear-door windows. The square shape make it difficult to fit the slanted front windows (without trimming). Plus, the package tell you not to scroll down the window once it's on, though it is thin enough to do so if you're careful. Very disappointed by that.All in all, these aren't a bad deal, at this price. They offer great protection and are easy enough to move around in case you get stopped by cops. No idea yet how well the material will stand up over time, with the summer heat.--------------------------------2 months later: I left this on my window for a few months. When I finally took it off, there is a sticky residue that's hard to clean off. Even after a lot of scrubbing (with window cleaner) there's some residue left and it's causing a problem when I scroll the window down. Definitely NOT worth the trouble.
Very cheap looking. The material had markings on it and the seams were coming undone. This looks like something from a dollar store. It is probably only worth $5 MAX. I was very disappointed. I had thought this would be a cute clothes hamper in my daughter's room. Maybe if I add ribbon to the yellowing ribbon over the wire parts, trim the loose threads and try to iron out the wrinkles, it might look a little better.
I was terribly uncomfortable and needed some support for my baby belly, but this was not even close to the answer to my problem. I'll say it again because these are the only two words worthy of writing about this product:Terrible and pointless.
my son hates this thing.  he won't use it, and to be honest, i'm glad.  no matter how much i wash it, it is retaining a nasty rubber smell that sticks on you hands when you touch&eacute; it.  i tasted it (because he won't go near it and it stinks like nasty rubber), and it tastes like nasty rubber.  seriously, N-A-S-T-Y rubber.but i'm giving it 2 stars because it's organic nasty rubber.
My wife and I were looking for a monitor at the store Thursday night and this seemed like a reasonable buy.  I guess at the price it is.  But the static is so bad it is going back on Saturday.  We may have to pay twice the price for something that sounds better... but we will.  It's my fault for not checking the reviews on Amazon first.
We got this as a second potty seat so my son would have child sized potties on both floors. Assembly is easy and the seat is very soft but the hole is significantly smaller than the other seats we have, forcing us to use the splash guard which my son doesn't like. As other reviewers have mentioned, clean up is messy, and the seat can be wiggly.
If you leak a lot or have oversupply (before solids, especially if you're pumping also), these pads aren't good enough. I leaked right through them several times before I just decided to purchase some disposables with plastic backing. When my milk leaking slows down a little, I will start using them again.
This is a cute product but definitely not as cool as what is pictured and described. There is no trapped water; the sides are just plain plastic. I ended up returning it because without the water-trapped sides I felt it was pretty overpriced.
Wish I would have listened to the reviews... this mattress pad cover is far too narrow/ small to fit either of our Pack N' Plays... disappointed.
I did not read the other reviews before ordering this.  It sounds great, but the product has a HORRIBLE chemical smell.  I washed it several times, but it would not go away.  The teether has now been laying around my house to be returned for literally five months and it still smells.  I cannot give it to my baby to chew on and would strongly discourage anyone from buying it.
Five years of breastfeeding and three babies into this (including a 22 lb five month old) and a friend absolutely insisted I try her pillow because it would be a lifesaver.Not impressed.Personally, it felt incredibly strange to have this HUGE thing around me. I worried it would make me too comfortable and prone to falling asleep and the baby would be at risk of suffocation. It seems counterintuitive to purposely place a baby on a soft surface in a sleepy situation when literature dictates time and time again that something like this is precisely what should be kept away from baby. Go ahead, send me nasty comments about how you will never fall asleep nursing your baby, but it happens. And all it takes is one time under the wrong circumstances. It just seems dangerous.Even if it didn't seem dangerous, it's hot, and it feels cheaply constructed.Honestly, you will get used to the weight of your baby. They start out tiny and you grow together. Plus, unless it's your first, you are probably going to be spending a LOT of time nursing while doing other things. Do you really want this flying saucer around your waist while trying to check on other kids, do chores, etc? I don't.
Impression material does not work. Would not keep the impression, it springs back. The frame is nice but not worth it if can't get an impression.
Nice that it is not a solid mass so you can bend it and fit into a lunch bag easily.  However, I purchased two a couple months ago and one is already ruined due to two of the compartments leaking out all the fluid.
After washing this once the fit is not great in relation to a standard mattress. It's almost like it shrunk.
This product was pitched to me as a "must have" by all my mommy friends. It has been good for us in terms of middle of the night accidents (so we don't have to put a whole new crib sheet on), but there is one major issue with it. The straps don't line up properly with our crib rails, so it can never be totally attached to the crib. There are always loose straps hanging off or awkward folds in it when we try to strap it down. We tried over and over again to get it right, but to no avail. We do not believe this is an issue with our crib as it is a brand new, high quality one. We finally gave up the idea of strapping the Ultimate Crib Sheet down and now just put it under the regular crib sheet. This is ok, but then when we do have a late night accident and have to pull off the top sheet we always worry about the Ultimate Sheet not being strapped down properly. It's a good idea, but needs to be redesigned to fit current crib railings. I wouldn't purchase this product again or recommend it to a friend.
Updated review:I wrote a glowing review of this earlier, below. I am going to leave it, because it was very helpful for nursing. However, I later discovered that it is made of polyurathane which disintegrates over time, breaking down into small particles. The neurotoxin toluene offgases from polyurathane. The manufacturers list some of the hazards of polyurathane on material safety data sheets - they include: possible cardiac arrhythmias, breathlessness, chest discomfort, irritation of mucous membranes, headache, coughing, asthma-like allergic reaction, dizziness, weakness, fatigue, nausea, blurred vision, and reduced pulmonary function. So, even though it worked well, I changed my review to one star because it just isn't worth exposing my little baby to toxic chemicals when he is so young. I ordered the The Nesting Pillow - Organic Nursing Pillow with Washable Slip Cover. I know, I know, it is insanely expensive and not an option for many families. But I wish I would have known ahead of time and I would have found some sort of other option.Old review:I found this to be amazingly helpful with breast feeding. Somehow the boppy has never been at all helpful for me. One of the slight downsides to the Brest Friend (aside from the unfortunate name) is that it is somewhat of a hassle to get on and off, but it is worth it with the help in positioning and making breastfeeding easier. It is not meant to replace positioning your baby with your hands and holding on to him or her while they are feeding (another reviewer wrote that she thought the baby might fall off of this - of course, you should hold on to your baby while he or she is on it). This helps in terms your arms not getting tired, and for first-time moms who are learning how to breast feed it is particularly helpful in the transition during the first few weeks. I strongly recommend this to any new mom who will be breastfeeding.
I wanted to love these bibs, they have a waterproof liner in the middle and terry on both sides so they sounded perfect but I fortunately they were not.  After washing for a couple months they started to collect fuzzballs on the edges of them, they also are not that great for being waterproof.  Unless you change the bib right away, moisture will get onto baby's clothes. I ended up getting the Carter's teething bibs and they are more waterproof and do not collect fuzzballs.
My little one does not care for Sophie at 3 months old. He won't squeeze or play with her and he doesn't like the rubbery texture. Everyone I know loves it though, just not for us.
This work ok... I didn't like how it fits and it should be included in the gate. Overall this gate wasn't a good one for me.. I was much happier with the Summer Extra Tall Gate
These wipes are nice and soft, however after 5 or 6 washes they start to leave a lot of lint on my baby's bottom! Not very happy with that! It took about 2 months of 2x week washings to get all the lint out. I like my two-sided BabyKicks better.
These changing pad covers are of poor quality and have not held up very well to washings.  In addition, the covers do not fit the changing pad very well and pull up at the sides.  Unfortunatly there does not seem to be any other choices so I still use the covers, but I also lay a waterproof multi-use pad over the top.  This way I just change the multi-use pad and I don't have to wash the changing pad cover very often.
Well I somehow ended up getting the Isis manual Breast Pump in the mail for free & the only thing I can say is that I'm glad I didn't shell out money for this pump!  It's terrible.I sat for about 15 minutes trying to pump either breast & I think I succeeded in getting a drop to appear on one nipple! lol  I could see the suction was working, but not particularly strong & it didn't do a thing.I read the other reviews & I guess it depends on the person as some people obviously have no problems & others can't get the darn thing to work at all.  So if at all possible I would advise borrowing one from a friend to try out first to see if you can have any success before purchasing this pump.
As a first time mom I obsessed over everything, including bath safety for baby. Bought this and loved it the first few times I used. The only downside is that it would drive me a little crazy when the water would get a bit too hot because it would take forever to shut up while I added cold water (of course, baby was not in the bathtub while I adjusted the water temperature). The reason for a 1-star is that after only 6 baths, water got inside the digital unit and it doesn't work anymore. I'd assume this would be the ONLY thing that the manufacturer should have figured out - how to use a bath thermometer in the bathtub without destroying it.Anyway, instead of gadgets, save your money and just stick your elbow in the bathtub. The inside of the elbow has very sensitive skin, so if the water is too hot for the baby you will know.
My son hates this swing.  He never liked it.  As mentioned from quite a few other people, it is very difficult to remove a baby w/o hitting their head.My son tore a neck muscle when he was delivered and b/c of that he "tips" to one side, and the toys were always hitting him in the head.  It was awful.The swing does move quite quickly, also.  Setting #2 was all I could use for a long time b/c it moved so fast.It may fit some babies, but definatley not mine!
I registered for this tub because I thought it is very cool and so multi-functional.After the baby was born and passed his stage of dry bath, I found this tub is not very easy to use.  My husband and I coudln't solve the leaking issue.  It also difficult for me to expand or close the tub.The sling is not very good, either.I tried to use this tub for 3 times and returned it.  I got Sure Comfort Deluxe instead.  I think Sure Comfort Deluxe is a much better choice for new born.  It is very easy to put over my sink.  The green net comes with the tub is easy to use.
I agonized over whether to buy this cheaper pump or go straight to one of the high-end ($250+) models. In an effort to save money I started with this one. But I quickly realized I'd made a mistake -- it took *forever* to even get one ounce of milk. I ended up getting the Medela Pump In Style and loved it. I just wish I'd gone straight to that one and saved my money on this one.For those of you who are trying to decide between this or a more expensive model, here are my two cents:TRY THIS ONE IF...- You have a very abundant milk supply- You only plan to pump one or twice a month- You wouldn't mind giving your baby formula if you had to be away from her for an extended periodINVEST THE MONEY IN A HIGHER-END MODEL IF...- You're going back to work- Your milk supply is medium to low- You plan to pump more than two or three times per month- You are opposed to giving your baby any formula, ever (with a higher quality pump you could build up reserve breastmilk to have in case of an emergency)Also, it's worth noting that most of the more expensive models can be safely re-used by other people so could be sold to someone else when you're done (unlike this one).
The toy's legs are too long and narrow to be safe!  A child can easily jam this toy's limbs down his or her throat and be unable to cry out for help!  This is a DEADLY DESIGN FLAW.  I am sure unintentional, but still DEADLY.  I will not repeat the horror stories concerning this toy.  Just check out some of the one star reviews here on Amazon and Google the fact that the original toy has been recalled.  AND--to make matters worse--there are a bunch of evil people selling copycat versions of this toy online.  These fake versions have the design flaw that kills children as well as paint that comes off into your child's mouth!!!  UNBELIEVABLE.  UNSAFE.  STAY AWAY.  DEADLY.
I was so excited when I ordered this product because it seems to be the safest infant mirror I could find and also had many ways to install it.  I placed it in my back seat as directed.  The seats in the back are at a slight recline so I couldn't even see my baby from the rearview mirror.  Luckily I have a fold out armrest in the back right in front of my baby.  I tucked the bottom of it in there and loosened the fastening so it sort of hangs out at a different angle.  It's jimmy-rigged but isn't sturdy enough for my liking.  Great idea just doesn't work.**UPDATE**  I was putting my car seat when it accidentally hooked on the mirror.  In an instant it was broken and it broke with a very sharp piece sticking out.  Very weak material and very dangerous!!!
I registered for this thinking it would be great.  Everything I need.  RIIIIGHHHTTT.. haha.. The only things in it I can use are the nail clippers (but I cannot use the magnification because it distorts everything and I cannot see my sons nails),  the hair brush which is nice, the comb which is nice, and the nail files which I dont like anyways because the chalkboard scrapping sound lol.  The thermometer [stinks]!  It doesn't beep so you dont know wen its done.  You have to watch for it to blink or something like that and it only blinks a few times so if u miss it ur gonna sit there for a LOOOONNG time but hey it takes a long time to work anyways.  The medicine dropper is TOO hard to pull out and push in. And the tweezers are very flimsy
I'm returning this item, because it is not at all what I expected and not really a diaper pail.  It is actually just a step trash can with a place for a deodorizer.  The step for the lid is pretty flimsy and the whole thing moves unless it's against a wall.  The lid does not even open all the way and the whole thing is pretty low quality.  I wanted a small diaper pail that was relatively "childproof" for my curious toddler.  This is not it.  It took her all of 5 seconds to figure out how to operate the step lid and reach her hand inside.  That combined with the low quality makes this item useless in my household.
I got a fleece version as a shower gift, and found it to be wonderful -- my daughter, now 5 weeks, sleeps best in it.I bought the flannel one thinking it would be good for naps when the room is a little warmer already.  However, after washing it twice (and following the washing instructions), it is now an inch and a half smaller than the microfleece ones.  My daughter is on the large side (she was 9 lbs at birth), and 1 1/2 inches doesn't seem like that much of a difference, but she can't wear the flannel one anymore.  The velcro just barely doesn't reach.Love the fleece ones, very disappointed in this one.
Like other reviewers, I have had nothing but problems with this thing! The instructions for how much water to add are not right at all. You have to figure out on your own how much water to use, and then, you can do the exact same thing twice and one time will still be ice cold and the other time burning hot. There is a little ring piece, which is not attached, and if you lose it, the thing does not work AT ALL since all the steam just escapes! Ours stopped heating consistently after two months of use. It gets a brown build-up in the bottom, and you can not fit your hand in there to clean it out. The instructions say to wipe with vinegar periodically, which I have found you actually have to do every day or else you will never get the build up out. We are switching to Munchkin brand bottle warmer now that this one has quit working.
Beware. The bags are expensive compared to other bags.  I have had problems with leakage when I thaw milk.  Also, it's hard to pour milk out of the bag.  I'm disappointed in this product
I purchased it to protect my 1YO twins from hitting their heads.I loved how it directs the flow of the water.However, shortly after using it I removed it to clean it and there was mold everywhere. I used bleach, tile cleaner and nothing works. The mold is embedded in the plastic.I recently had a vent fan installed in my bathroom and I have a open window (used it in summer warm weather) No where else in my bathroom has mold or moisture issues so teh problem is with the product.
I wanted to love this product and was excited to buy it when I became pregnant but am now hesitant to let my baby use it after reading about the recall in Europe. Apparently, as I understand it, their toxin standards of measurement are lower than ours so they have not been recalled here (apparently we are OK with low levels of nitrates in the toys our children put in their mouths, but Europeans are not...hmmm)...Be that as it may, toxins registering even CLOSE to a dangerous level made me nervous about using. After digging around online I did discover that the company claims to have changed the product after a certain date and lists manufacturing codes so you can check yours (those listed were made after a certain date and are said to be safer). Sadly mine was not made after the &#34;improved&#34; date but I could not return it because there was no formal recall in our country. I considered returning it and hunting for one with an approved manufacturing date but man that was just too much work. Bummed but not ready to take a risk with my baby.
We have 2 types of trays for my 8 months old, these bowls do not stay on either of the trays. I leave the bowl with food in it, leave and come back in 1 mins, he is grabbing his bowl hitting the tray. Of course, the food is all over.
I bought this in October 2012 & was hoping for the set with black & white stripes, but received the set with green & yellow (first product picture).  I got these when my son was 4.5 months old as that seemed to be when he was really noticing his feet & grabbing them & I thought this would be perfect.  Unfortunately nothing fit, the wrist bands were too small & the socks went on okay but weren't elastic & just fell off.  [However I should note my son's a big boy & weighed around 15 pounds at the time] Only 2 of the 4 bugs rattle & it was a very quiet rattle at that.  I ended up returning the set.We also received theInfantino Foot Rattlesas a shower gift & these still snuggly fit him (at that time) & stayed on much better, both booties rattle but again it's quiet.  I believe the infantino ones are only sized up to 3 months but they are a nice stretchy material.  Walmart also has Garanimal ones that look nice {& a cheaper price point!} but we never tried them.
I like the idea of this mobile and would have definitely liked it if it was made a little better. But the whole thing seems kind of cheap and plastic-y. The way two cards are put together causes one of them to split a little in the middle and the cards don't really hang down straight. I ended up returning the mobile because it just didn't fulfill its purpose due to its poor quality. If it was cheaper it'd probably be ok. I don't know why something so innovative that being recommended on so many websites wouldn't be of higher quality!?
First of all, I totally missed out on the Color May Vary warning, and that was my fault.  I originally ordered this for my son but the color that arrived was pink. But, I figured,  we will only be using this cup at home and color really doesnt matter as long as it worked.  It was horrible.  Water was pouring out from the area between the lid and the cup.  There was no was no tell if it was aligned or not because there was a lock sign at the lid but none for the cup.  the spout in itself didnt leak but the cup did.  I was so disappointed with this product. Maybe I got a defective one but I am not taking the risk of wasting my money in buying another one.
I was rather disappointed with this when I received it.  It's not easy to find a red changing pad cover, so I was excited to find this on Amazon.  Well, the material is not as soft as I had expected and is somewhat thin.  Not that big of a deal.  However, what I hate about it is there are two small holes in the center of it for those dumb changing pad straps to fit through.  Who actually straps in their baby when changing them?  So, now you can see the white changing pad through those two holes and to the average Joe it looks like I have an old ratty changing pad cover that I should replace.  Oh well.
The fleese is too hot for the baby but the size is perfect. All of the Swaddleme Swaddles are amazing! I really recommend them all but this one is just too heavy for warm babies.
I really wanted to like and keep this tub, and at first, I did! I wwasn't sure what all the bad reviews were for. I loved the fact (and still do) that it has a spray. That makes bath time so much easier.  However, the spray button is the biggest PAIN!!! you have to use your index finger to press it and its actually hard to do so. Why don't they make it so your thumb presses the button like on a sink??? Dont know. ALso, it takes SO MANY batteries, it's ridiculous. You get scared to run the batteries down b/c there are so many to replace and hard to get in and out. PLus,I felt like it was a big production to set the bath up at night. My baby was only 2 months and I already had to move the water tub out of the bigger tub to make room for baby, and my baby's legs were still cramped. I changed the batteries for the second time and they ran out after ONE use! Now I know that is the batteries,b/c they were a lesser breand then I usually buy, but it just shows how much battery power that it takes. That is TOO expensive. I finally just gave up onit and purchased the aquarium bath which I really like. They need to improve this tub.
i was almost impossible to open the chamber to put liquid in, almost broke the dam thing, use an oral syringe
I think this is a waste of money.  Not very useful.  There are better ones out there.
The chair is nice and nicely made, but my son did not like it at all.  We used the aquarium swing more than anything.
We transitioned my son into this bed at 20 months, and he was in it for about a year.  It works as expected as a toddler bed, but he quickly split the bottom rail by pulling back on the footboard.  The hardware that came with the bed had already started to crack it when we assembled it. I liked that the toddler rails could be removed easily, but beyond that it was truly mediocre in quality.  I will not have my second son use this bed for fear that it would break more.
I bought this after reading several reviews noting how good this product is for babies with reflux. I used it for a while, but honestly my baby did not seem too comfortable in it. For one, she did not like the motion, so I just used it as a stationary sleeping place for her. Everytime she moved, I'd hear the plastic parts of the glider making noise. Even worse, she would try to wiggle herself out of it, so the rocking noise would go on for most of the night!The seat is really just a fabric sling, without much padding to it, so it wasn't very cozy. It has become an expensive cat bed, unfortunately.I'd recommend the Leachco Podster instead if you have a reflux baby. It provides a softer sleeping spot and enough elevation to help with the reflux.
This thing worked for about a month, then it stopped working completely! Shame, I thought I'd finally found a wipes warmer that worked! I've tried the munchkin and had to send that one back to! I recommend just staying away from wipe warmers at all, and warm your babies wipes with warm sink water, none of the wipes warmers I've given a chance have delivered! Buy at own risk!
Very useful if you can transport it without "clicking" the disc that activates the warming solution, and if you do it is useless if you are somewhere without a stove and a pot of boiling water.  But it does warm bottles really well, just have to learn to be extra careful with it.
We were rather disappointed with this warmer and ended up returning it and getting the Dex warmer which works MUCH better. Warmers are meant to just take the chill out of the wipes but this one didnt do that very well. The lid is also inconvenient to use - you have to push a button to open and close it each time; no easy flipping like the Dex. Not worth it!
These sheets are incredibly thin and cheap. The elastic isn't good, and the fabric is just not soft. We've bought several other brands, all of which were better than this stuff.
My son is on the large size. He is 37" tall & 39 pounds. These seat is too small for him. The hole is too small which requires him to push forward right up against the splash guard. The guard is hard plastic & cuts into his legs leaving deep red marks. He hates it. He tried it a couple times & now refuses to use it.I switched to a combo potty seat that has a removable soft seat & a much bigger hole. This one will be placed on Freecycle. I only recommend this for those training very small children.
I can't remember how old our daughter was when we got some of these for her snacks. Maybe 9 months. But within minutes she learned she could push into it along the edges, flip it upside down, and shake all the contents out onto the floor or wherever she was. We may as well have given the snacks to her in a cup without a lid.My wife picked up a Munchie Mug (Munchie Mug - The New Spill Resistant Snack Cup for Toddlers. Made in the USA. - BPA Free. FDA compliant materials. - Blue Top) and this one did the trick! Our daughter can reach her hand into it and pull out a piece of snack or two, but she can't empty the entire contents. Yes, it costs more, but I'm willing to pay more for superior products that actually get the job done.We will still use these Munchkin ones on occasion when the other snack mug is dirty or we can't find it, but we always use them reluctantly. Save yourself a lot of hassle and get the Munchie Mug instead
I ordered this in my daughter's size months ago and she still hasn't grown into it.  I'm sure it will be great when it finally fits but the sizing is way off.
Our baby loves this... but mama not so much, because quite a lot of the colored paint has vanished from it after just a few days of use. I like that its made of wood, would be the best ever if it was just natural wood. I was concerned about the paint coming off and tried to return it, but could not. I also tried contacting company that made them, but did not get any answer. Great idea, but worried about where that paint went!Update 9/15/2012 Still not reply from company on why paint comes off...
The Ergo is a wonderful carrier that you, your spouse and baby can use comfortably for hours, whether you're running errands, traveling, hiking or just hanging out with your baby at home. I have used them with all my three kids from the time they were born - there are three types:(1)ERGObaby Original Baby Carrier, Black/Camel), made of thick canvas-like cotton with soft flexible shoulder straps and a soft lining. It has a roomy pocket in front with a zipper for your wallet, keys, cell phone, passport, etc. I had this one for 4 years with 3 kids, still going strong. It can be used even with older toddlers as it goes to 40 lbs if needed.(2)Ergobaby Performance Collection Charcoal Grey Carrier- this carrier has a more snug fit with thick, stiff contoured straps - I found this one very uncomfortable, with much more fabric covering my child than the original Ergo. The space for my baby was less roomy, so I returned it. However, many parents do like it.(3)ERGObaby Original Collection Sport Baby Carrier - Black- this is a lightweight version of the original, with a streamlined design. Great for summer, has longer straps than the original, but it doesn't have the storage pocket in front for personal items. The original Ergo (#1) provides more coverage & warmth for the baby.Some models are sold with extender belts, for people with larger frames. Make sure it is in the description if you need this.The Ergos can be used with young babies if you use it with aERGObaby Original Infant Insert, Natural- this works well up till about 4-5 months. After this you can use the Ergo by itself. You can nurse with it on in privacy (with attached hood/ cover) and your baby can nap as well - with or without the insert.There is anErgobaby Baby Carrier Winter Weather Cover - Blackavailable that attaches to the Ergo - expensive but very thick and good for winter months, but not waterproof. If you can find it, there is also a Ergo Baby ERG-WCR414 Water-Resistant Weather Cover that is basically a thin outer shell that snaps into this fleece cover - great for rain. These are worth it if you have twins or are outdoors a lot - I wish I had gotten both early on instead of struggling with snowsuits, big bulky coats and trying to push a stroller while holding an umbrella. I also wish they were less expensive! I found over time that wearing a big coat or a thick blanket worked just as well.Washing is straightforward, just cold water, mild detergent and drip dry, infrequently though. Spot cleaning is recommended. All my kids loved to bite the straps so puttingDiono Soft Wraps Car Seat Harness Pads (Formerly Sunshine Kids) - Blackon them kept the carrier from getting dirty - the strap covers are easy to wash and fairly inexpensive, so have a second pair as a backup and you're set.In terms of resale, the Ergos were a great investment, as they are in high demand among other twin moms (you can use two, one front one in back and carry two babies!). I recovered about 40 percent of what I paid new, both for the Ergo Sport and for an Original Ergo. I still have one Ergo original left for travel (airports, etc) and for emergencies (we've been evacuated twice due to hurricanes, very hard with little kids). At age three, my twins no longer use the Ergo but it's good to know they can if needed. So in terms of how long you can use it- figure up to age four or so.BABY BJORNIf you are comparing any of the Ergo's with theBABYBJORN Baby Carrier Active, Black/Silver, which offers lumbar support, the Ergo is a better option simply because past 20 lbs (about a yeal old), the baby's frontward facing position and weight will cause a lot of strain on your shoulders, making it painful to carry bigger babies for an extended period of time. I found the lumbar support did little to help. Likewise, the thick padding is very hot in warmer weather for your child. TheBABYBJ&Ouml;RN Baby Carrier One - Black, Meshhas a lighter weight material but offers even less support is very cold in winter months.Neither of the Baby Bjorns did not work for me past age one, and was difficult to use with my preemies as they were too small.In terms of resale, the Baby Bjorn looks fairly new after washing if you do it with cold water, mild soap and drip dry. I recovered a third of what I paid for it, but as these are more common, prices vary widely and you may get less. Some sell for much less.A DOCTOR'S OPINIONLastly, I had an orthopaedic surgeon look at the Ergo carrier - he considered the positioning of both my babies ideal in promoting their proper hip development, as the child is in a natural sitting position. The Baby Bjorn, not as good as the baby's basically hanging, and not recommended at all, any type of carrier that keeps the baby's legs straight and together.Why ask for a doctor's input? Both my preemie twins had developmental issues that affected their mobility, so being able to carry them around easily was critical (my daughter was born with hip dysplasia and wore a pavlik harness for three months, while my son had severe hypotonia which made him unable to walk until he was two). I was able to use the carrier with both children, even when my daughter was immobilized in the harness. The carrier made getting around with our twins much more comfortable for them and for us.So there you go - my experience as a mom of twins that needed to carry my children for extended periods, who has owned all five carriers and accessories described above. If I had to do it over, I would only buy the Ergo carrier, either the Original or the Sport. I would pass on the Baby Bjorn simply because it can only be used for a year and does not provide as much support as the Ergos.
Received this dresser as a gift for our baby's nursery and I spent a couple of hours putting it together myself (not too bad considering I'm 8 months pregnant). The directions were clear and the dresser is sturdy enough to work well for clothing and baby blankets.One major negative to me is the depth of the drawers. They are only a little over half as deep as the drawer fronts are tall. Why not make them a couple of inches deeper so they can hold more? Doesn't make sense, even as a way to cut costs.Overall the dresser is decent for how much it costs. We couldn't afford a high quality dresser this time around, and this dresser should do just fine. We'll see how well it lasts over the next couple of years.UPDATE, 1/2014: I would not recommend this dresser. It's so cheaply made, especially for the price. The veneer is peeling off in 2 spots and the surface scratches incredibly easy. There are marks around all of the handles caused from fingernails, and not just the fingernails of adults! I am constantly having to tighten the screws on the handles the handles, we've almost lost a few. I'm on the hunt for a new dresser because this one is about to fall apart.
I bought this wedge as my stomach started getting bigger to find some comfort sleeping at night. The wedge is very stiff, even after working it for a little while. The angle of it isn't right..it should be thicker at it's current thinnest part, because basically, my belly just pushes into it, and it falls on the floor, eventually. It was a waste of money, and a rolled up blanket or pillow does the job way better, and they are way more comfortable!
First thing.....they mailed me a blue one with black on the seat but it was still Disney red car. Second ...you have to assemble the seat: the plastic seat,  the cushion,  the pee guard, then the sticky tab. I particularly don't mind assembly...but this was annoying....because all I could think was how in the hell I was going to rinse this clean every time. Too many disconnecting parts!!!!!!!
As some other reviewers have said, this item does NOT stay flat  -- it comes folded in the box and the fold lines were very strong and couldn't be "unfolded" (isn't this not supposed to happen with silicone?  I think this item is a silicone-rubber blend), which made it hard for the suction cups to stick etc etc... between the item not unfolding all the way flat and the unevenness caused by the large suction cups underneath, bottom line is that the mat would not stay flat which made it impossible to put a sippy cup on it without the cup falling over and so on.  Ask me how frustrating this was with a baby who likes to flip everything over anyway, to have the items that I expected to stay upright falling over constantly.Also, other reviewers have noted that this item only sticks to glass tabletops, which means that when faced with a tablecloth not only does it not stick but the uncompressed suction cups make a nice uneven rolly playground for all of your baby's utensils, foods, and liquid to fall over and roll around on, nice and messy!  I also want to add that at one restaurant that had fancy wood tables, the suction cups had trouble sticking so my husband placed a drop of water underneath each suction cup like they recommend.... which worked fine, except that the moisture-suction blend left marks on the table!  I don't think it was permanent damage, but you never know with wood and moisture... that's just one more thing you have to be sorry to the restaurant for :(I bought this one insteadNUK Gerber Graduates 100% Silicone Platemat-- it doesn't have suction cups but it's PERFECT.  It's true silicone (and not a silicone-rubber blend) which means it retains its flat shape no matter what you do to it.  And the silicone-ness does have a "stickiness" to it, just enough to keep the mat from sliding around.  The pic description shows it rolled up, but I just fold it into quarters and store it in a quart ziplock baggie in my diaper bag, perfect!  It actually ships to you folded anyway.  And the edging on it (which the tinydiner mat also does not have) keeps spills from escaping and dropped food from rolling onto an icky restaurant table.  Can't say enough good things about the NUK Gerber silicone mat.
I thought it would be great and interactive but my 8 month old is not really into this.  She's picked it up a couple times but that's about it....
product didn't stick to the crib, making it useless. I would not suggest getting this product at all! I ended up getting a fabric crib rail guard and its been working out much better.
I would prefer something I can put inside my diaper bag, it is a heavy blanket that takes up too much space in my opinion.  Nice looking though..
If you are only going to be pumping once in a blue moon, then this is a great pump for you.  I found it to be an incredible nusance, so I borrowed a friend's Medela electric pump.  Never used this Back to Work pump more than twice after using hers!  Why spend a longer amount of time pumping that you have to (and yes it does take longer even though the manual says their stats say otherwise).  With our next child, I will definitely be buying electric!
Like many other reviewers, I am a huge fan of traditional Playtex sippy cups. They truly are the gold standard. They last forever, don't leak, and are cute as well. This new line that they came out with is just terrible. After 2 washings they leak all over the place. I don't know whether it's the new valves or the cup lids themselves, but they are completely useless. I'm stalking other sites to find the originals so I can stock up because these new ones are a disaster.
The nipple is so long that my infant was gagging everytime i tried to feed her. It isn't great for infants that are nursing...My daughter had a fit when i tried to feed her. Not only was she gagging, but she just didn't like the nipple. I used the playtex nurser bottle and she loved it. I have been using those bottles and nipples ever since, and she is doing great when i need to switch from breast to bottle.
This monitor is awful. All I hear is static. The threshold for hearing baby is quite high (meaning he has to make a lot of noise before I hear him). With my old monitor, I could hear every sound without static, but it was unreliable, while this one is quite reliable so far. It doesn't switch channels or beep incessantly like my old monitor. But for it's primary purpose, to pick up and transmit sound, it fails miserably.
This definitely works at keeping the little one out of the cabinet, but for us was nearly impossible as adults to remove when we needed in!  I want to keep my child out but I want to be able to get in!  All in all I wouldnt' recommend to others unless you hardly ever need to get into the cabinet you are locking.  I ended up usingSafety First Cabinet Flex-Lock 2-Packand I like them MUCH better.
I heard such great things about the promise of Sophie to help with teething pain.  Our kid hates it, and I think it's because it squeaks so loudly no matter where you touch her.  While I know she's a lifesaver for many, for us she was an overpriced dog toy.
the duck says its too hot when its barely warm! so now baby just uses it as a bath toy
We have an elongated toilet and I don't know of anyway to hold this seat in place. My daughter has trouble sitting back far enough because when she tries to scoot back, the whole seat goes with her. So when she pees, it gets in between the potty ring and the toilet seat and makes a big mess.
We bought this glider from another store, not Amazon.  It cost less than the price here because we purchased it during a Cyber Monday sale.It was comfortable enough at first - not ridiculously comfortable, but it didn't hurt to sit in it.  The padding on the glider compressed considerably fairly quickly, but that alone wouldn't have been a dealbreaker, because the glider looked really nice for the price point and we didn't really want to pony up $600 or more for a higher-quality one.That turned out to be a huge mistake.About a month after we started using the glider regularly, it started clunking very loudly any time we rocked in it.  This was annoying to us and made it harder to use it for rocking our baby to sleep, as you might imagine.  We got in touch with the store where we'd purchased it and were told to contact Shermag.  Shermag sent us a replacement side assembly for the glider, which took over two months to ship out because their warehouse staff was on vacation.  (Kinda makes you wish you worked in their warehouse, doesn't it?)So we dealt with the horrid clunking while we waited for the replacement part to arrive.  When it finally arrived, we put it on, and voila - no more clunking!...That lasted for all of a week before the clunking began again, and this time it was worse than before.  My husband tried taking the glider apart and reassembling it entirely, making sure everything was tightened correctly.  It didn't help.  We contacted Shermag again repeatedly but never received another response from them - as in, ever.We ended up contacting the store from which we bought the glider again.  Since Shermag was being unhelpful, they were kind enough to offer to replace the glider entirely or refund our money.  We opted for the replacement, thinking that surely a completely new glider would not have the same issue...WRONG!The new glider arrived, and we assembled it and broke down the old one to send back to the store. The new glider worked fine for a couple of weeks, and then began not only clunking but also loudly creaking.At that point, we decided we'd had enough and asked the store if we could still get a refund.  The store kindly refunded our money and we bought a Dutailier instead.  Sure, we had to spend more than twice as much money to get it, but that's a small price to pay for never having to deal with this level of annoyance again.In conclusion, I am very disappointed with the quality of Shermag's product and customer service.  I will never buy anything from them again.
We purchased this bath second hand but it is exactly like this one only a darker blue. We have used other baths before this but had wanted a space saving option.Pros: It holds a lot of water for us when we use in the bath tub.  The water does spill out during use however and would not be good to sit on the counter or over a sink.  It folds just like it says and has a much smaller foot print than many others out there.Cons:  This bath is unsafe for a moving baby because of the small gaps and jutting corners.  Our baby moves around a lot during a bath and always has since he was born because he loves taking a bath.There are jutting edges around the head where the bath folds that are dangerous for a child who moves their head a lot or just can't hold it well.  We have placed towels over the edges during a bath to protect against the corners and have to keep a very tight grip on him to keep him from moving around too much.  As he has gotten a bit bigger and even more mobile, we are now concerned about his fingers getting stuck.  For us this out weighs the space benefit.
I received this as a shower gift and have used it three times so far.  The shower portion of it stopped working after the second use.  The button needed a lot of pressure to make it work and then it gets stuck.  When you release the button, the shower continues to spray.  Now it no longer works at all.  It's also difficult to hold the shower head and hold the button down, they could've had a better design there.The size of the tub isn't great either, but then again my baby was born at 23" so I guess a smaller baby would fit better.  The sling they give you isn't so great for a newborn either, my little one slid down and rolled side to side and he appeared to be very uncomfortable.  So, I bought the BRU teddy bear sponge to put inside the tub and he lays on that much better.  The shower idea is great, it just need a lot of improving.
I measured 8 ounces in a measuring cup, then poured it in the liner, and it was a little below the 8 ounces mark on the liner. I tried it again with a different measuring cup and received the same result. You can not put the liner in the bottle first to fill it up, because the measurements on the bottle do not match up with the measurements on the liners, My husband always has a hard time filling up the liners because it is hard to hold it and add water since they expand. Also, the numbers on the liner are very hard to read.
I have twin girls and before I even allowed them to use the seats, the pee guard fell off.  One of my girls actually needs the guard because of the way the stream hits the bowl, it bounces out.  This is an impossible seat to keep clean, too.  It tips way too easily and I've cleaned many spills because of it.  The plastic guards on the lid fell off immediately.  If this is the only seat you can get your hands on, it will serve its purpose.  However, I wouldn't recommend it to anyone who has a choice!
Love the product but broke within 7 months!  So, not recommended.  Worked the first 6 months and made our life easy.  HOW DID IT BREAK SO EASILY?  I guess you only need the product to make sure the water's not too hot for your guy.  Loved knowing the temperature of the water.  Oh well.  Planned obselescence (sp?).
Overpriced and falls apart... WASTE of money, drawers do not stay on track at all.. Very small for it to be almost $200
I am not a fan of Mustela newborn products. They are over priced and the smell is so strong (think old lady) and lasts forever! I know we each have our own personal preference when it comes to smells so I suggest you try before you buy.
I received this swing as a shower gift. My son was born weighing about 5.5 pounds so we put a neck supports in the swing he seemed to love it lulled him to sleep and the swing is easy to store. I was ready to give it a 5 star review until today. He is now 6 weeks old and weighs a little over 9 pounds, he can't hold his head up for extended periods of time and he isn't incredible active. He was napping in the swing while I did dishes, I heard him make a little noise so I turned around...much to my horror he was hanging sideways out of the swing! He was buckled in, and I was using one of those head support things. I feel that this is a safety issue, if you have this swing or get this swing please don't ever take your eyes off of your baby, I was in the same room just with my back to him. Luckily my baby was fine I was more shaken up that he was in fact he was still asleep. I have read other reviews and I know other people have had the same problem. ** This is the first and (at this time) the only review I have written
I am not really happy with this dresser at all. When it shows up, it is really in like a billion pieces. I love putting together furniture so it isnt a big deal but this dresser is basically broken down to everything. When you finish putting together the dresser the first time, you are not going to be happy b/c the drawers are not going to fit and are going to be not leveled at all. No matter what. Then you are going to go back a few steps and unassemble and find out the entire time that the supports makes the entire dresser uneven making the drawers uneven.So you are going to have to take all the supports off and find out that you will have to just use the backboard instead to support the dresser evenly. so the whole thing is....DO NOT USE THE SUPPORTS AT ALL. They make the dresser uneven, which in turns makes the drawers not level. Also the drawers are poorly made as well. very bad quality. they can come apart at any time, no matter how tight the 'screws' are. I am not happy with the dresser. I finally have everything together but if i was to recommend this to a friend, i would definitely NOT recommend it.
I purchased this for my bathroom and guest bathroom. While this does work when used properly , its opening is not very intuitive. What happened is that my husband never learned to use it, my guests could not figure it out how to use it ( i couldn't go into the bathroom and just open for them or teach them right?) and the cleaning lady never understood how to open it either. Thus, the device would always end up on the floor. Also i found it unsanitary because it attaches to the bowl rim, thus getting dirty itself....just not nice at all. I got another one that attaches to the top of the lid- don't remember the brand, maybe safety 1st. Anyways, i don't recommend this.
I have used these bottles for my three kids and love them! The problem: these are not the same bottle as pictured! Playtex is redesigning these and sending out the new design instead if the one pictured. The ones in the picture are awe-some! The ones they sent bend halfway to help feeding while sitting up, which isn't a concern I have. The lid rings have a new locking mechanism and are next to impossible to get off, especially with one hand or when hands are wet. The lids that cover the nipples don't stay on worth crap, they don't snap on tight and slip right off. I will be contacting Playtex to see if they will replace them, since I have opened and used them so I can't return them.
the mesh doesn't remove and after placing in dishwasher 3x the gunk from the banana is still there. I threw it out after one use. DO NOT BUY!
I received this shade for free when I bought other products from Babies R US.My windows in the back have a curved edge to them.  You have to place the shade high on the window in the straight area.  Well you miss the whole lower corner of the window.  The sun shines in through this lower corner.  When I tried to move the shade lower on the window I could not fully close the window.If you can get it for free, get it.  Do not purchase this item.I just recently went out and purchased new shade for my car to cover the corner this shade misses.
I am very much disppointed with this product.. I heard so many compliments about this toy so I bought it for my 5 months old baby girl who needs some teethers.. but the paint came off.. I cannot believe how come baby product can be made this poorly..
Only used them once or twice and now they sit in my cabinet... I have a 15 month old and I thought these would be cool to put his dry cereal and yogurt bites in. It didn't hold anything in when he tipped it upside down and shook it. We might try using these again in a few months when he's a little bit bigger, we'll see...
I run a small home child care, and every child who is able to stand is also able to open this gate. The gate can become a hazard if it is unlatched by a child and then leaned upon by another, causing the child to fall.I climb over it most of the time!
My 11 month old loves these (and has since she could first grab) but they do not work like they are designed. They are impossible for her to squeeze and they are hard for me to get them to connect and stay put. They are also a cleaning nightmare. They get very gross on the inside and I cant seem to ever get them clean. The directions tell you to drain them after each use but I can never get all the water out. If I can get them clean enough I will just stop using them in the bath.
This pump is NOT efficient in multiple daily pumpings.  There are many things wrong with this pump and I hardly know where to begin.  First of all, the instructions are not user friendly.  Like other Avent products, the manual relies on pictures that can be difficult to interpret.  Once assembled, I found that the pump leaked as a result of the suction petals not attached completely and totally.  During the process of pumping, the valve that creates the suction would become loose and I would have to unscrew the bottle and press it back into place.  The pump squeaked sometimes and I couldn't quite figure out why.  The instructions recommended changing the position of the petals on the breast to get the most milk, however, during this process it would leak even more because the milk would collect between the plastic and the suction petals when the milk was supposed to be going into the bottle.  I also purchased the sterilizer which works great.  However, the instructions insist on sterilizing the pump after each use.  Frankly, there are just too many parts that have to be assembled and taken apart.  I didn't think there was a need to have sooo many parts.  Overall, this pump was very messy.  For a manual pump, it was more complicated than it really had to be.  And for all the reasons listed above, I find this pump to be overpriced and not worth buying.
My 9 month old son loves bath time with the Fisher Price Precious Planet Whale of a Tub.  It's got anti-slip for infants and same goes for the toddler position.  Only thing I did not like about the tub was that it's too shallow and my son is big for 9 month.  (I'm guessing the depth has something to do with safety).My brother who just has his daughter said his Primo tub was too big so he wanted to switch.Pros..it's bigConsit's too big and waste a lot of water.  over twice as much water as the FP whale tub.  Which I would not mind if it was bit deeper so my son can get a better submersion but it's not any deeper than the FP whale tub.Main problem is that Flooring is too slippery so my son was startled everytime his bum slipped against the floor.  He loves bath time with his Fisher Price Whale tub since he was an infant. Always smiles and never wanting to get but yesterday for the first time, I saw him startled and whining to get out of the tub.  Never once saw my son slip on the Whale tub.  In fact he would rotate and splash around while taking a bath without a problem.  With Primo tub he stopped dead on his track, scared that he would slip.I supposed you can put a towel to offset the slipping problem but I think I'd rather look for another tub.
We purchased this item for our newborn. It was great while it lasted, but it only lasted a little over 1 month. I rarely write bad reviews, but I thought this product warranted it because of how short these monitors lasted! I'll start with the pros.PROS:1. These monitors have exceptional range. I have the base unit on the third floor and was able to get reception in the cellar as well as across the street in our garage. A++ for range.2. The number of channels to choose from limited the amount of interference static. However no matter what channel we were on our cell phones managed to give annoying static and we were alerted by our baby monitor any time of text message was being sent or when one was coming in.3. There's two of them so you can switch out. The fact that there were two made this product last longer because when the first one no longer had reception we switched to the other on.4. The base unit and the monitors plug in. HOWEVER as another viewer mentioned, plugging your monitor in for more than 12 hours will fry the monitor. So if you forget to unplug your receiver, you've ruined the monitor.CONS:1. It was hard to avoid "bursts" when the unit was around our cell phones and by around I mean in the adjacent room.2. The pro of having the monitors have an A/C adapter become a con when you can't just leave the units plugged in. And not only can't you leave them plugged in, you destroy the product if you do. Why have an A/C adapter in the first place?!3. The monitors stopped getting reception after only one month of use! And if I'm being accurate each monitor only lasted a few weeks. We just moved on to the second one after the first one died. So while as a whole we were able to use the unit for a little over a month if both monitors had been in use at the same time we wouldn't have had that much time.In my book no matter how great the pros were/are, if the product only works for 1-2 months then the product is worthless. I love fisher-price but these monitors barely deserve one star.
they're great bowls w/great lids, but will not stay suctioned to tray.  my son was able to pull it off the tray instantly & toss it.
I had hoped to use a sling but I ended up with a different papoose that I love. It seemed my baby wasn't ever comfy in the sling, it also made my shoulder hurt. I ended up returning this product.
We used this swing the first few months, but not that often and after a while while the motor became so loud that we just stopped using it all together. Very cute, but the motor is of poor quality for the price... things would turn off on their own and have to be restarted - I would just go with another one.
These pads are very thin and do not show through your clothes.  I never leaked much, so these pads worked fine in that respect.  However, they do not hold up when you open your nursing bra for frequent breastfeeding.  The adhesive on the lining does not stay stuck to the bra and the absorbent filling comes loose and bunches up.If you have these, they will work, but I much prefer the Lansinoh pads.
We bought this instead of the pull back shades, thinking it'd work well and be easy to install.  Was very hard to get flat and straight on the window and pealed up when you lowered the window (this wasn't a huge surprise and was discovered by accident).  Wouldn't buy again and would just get the pull down shade in the future.
I don't get the purpose of these since the air goes right back in during the feeding(got the special Playtex nipples and bottles). Also, the store brand ones do the same thing for half the price. Walmart ones are not as soft, but do the same thing still
Purchased this lunchbag for my 8 year old son.  Love the design of it and the price.  I could fit plenty of food in for my son, as well as a water bottle. It was easy to wipe clean on the outside and the inside. However, after about a month this bag became so stinky I had to throw it away.  I tried everything to get rid of the smell. What a waste of money.
We got this and the Diaper Decor Plus as gifts and I have to say that the Champ is not my favorite. I like that you can use your own garbage bags with the Champ, but that's the only positive in my opinion. I find it pretty hard to open it without breaking a nail and it does get fill up much more quickly than the Decor. When you're changing the bags on the champ, it can be messy, depending on how long you waited to change the bag, but with the Decor, you just open the front door and knot the bag even if it's full to the brim--so much easier. I also like the Decor because you can dispose of the diaper with your foot, instead of a hand like with the Champ, because now that my son is super squirmy on the changing table, I need of my hands on him!
I was so excited to purchase this for such a low price. I hated thinking about thawing milk on the stove while my baby sat waiting & hungry, so I couldn't wait to try this quicker approach.However, when I read the manual, it stated the warmer could only be used once every TEN minutes. I prayed and hoped it would thaw it out the 1st try so my baby wouldn't get fussy while waiting for it.Unfortunately, after using the warmer, the milk was still mostly frozen and had "hot spots." As you know, this is the reason you don't use the microwave. So I ended up sticking the milk in a cup of hot water from the sink and waiting 10 minutes instead.The next time I tried to use this, I tried recently expressed milk from the refrigerator. I thought surely it would be better this time since it was not frozen.No such luck. It made the milk WAY too hot, and on top of that the unit was oozing some kind of bronze colored metallic substance. EW. I don't know what happened, since I followed instructions clearly.This was the biggest waste of money. I recommend filling a mug with water, microwaving for 2 or 3 minutes and then placing the milk container in the hot water. This way, milk is warm fairly quickly, there are no hot spots, no breastmilk nutrients are lost, and most importantly--it's FREE! :)
Great when my son was sitting down... now that he stands... junk.  If not right on target, you're going to have a mess every time.  Think pee puddle under the chair... and now imagine the smell.  Totally gross, and getting rid of ASAP.Skip.
The product description says that it is 7 oz cup, but I received two 5 oz trainer cups. However, I did not return it and keeping it as the product is good otherwise.
The product I got seems like a factory reject smuggled out of the line and sold illegally. It had several manufacturing defects (for example, seams that were not fully closed, with the filling spilling out; stains), and it didn't come with a package or any attached tags that would validate it as a legitimate Lamaze product. It was shipped directly from China (which surprised me, this wasn't clearly indicated when I made the purchase). It came loose within the envelope with no plastic bag for protection. I will not give this to my child or any other, not just because it's defective--who knows even if it's clean enough or if it has chemicals or other stuff. It's too bad, because this particular toy is hard to find (not sure if it was discontinued). The concept of the toy is great, but the product I got is not.
We bought this without really taking time to research it because we were in a rush over the summer and needed a booster to use at a relatives house who doesn't have one.  I wish I read the reviews first, because I would have bought the "on the go" booster instead.  Oh well, that's the beauty of heindsight I guess.  :-PThis seat serves it's purpose.PROS:Hard plastic seat and tray is easy to cleanStraps, once assembled and fastened, stay tightTray is removableFolds up for storageGood for light use, I wouldn't use it everyday- read the cons and you'll understandCONS:Tray is HARD to remove, you have to grasp and pull the sides JUST SO to get it to pop off (I have to struggle to stiffle an array of 4-letter words quite often when trying to take the tray off)It's cumbersum to set up and fold down and you'll need both hands to do both (we use the "on-the-go" booster at my mother-in-law's and I can open it with one hand, plop my daughter in the seat, strap her in, and strap the booster seat to the chair easily).  First you need to untangle the straps, make sure they're going in and coming out of all the right places, THEN you can put your toddler in first and attach the booster to the seat next or vice versa.  The removable tray is nice, but again, a struggle to take off more often than not.  To fold it back down, you'll need both hands once again to push buttons on either side of the seat to pop up the seat and fold it in, then put the tray in with the rest of it, and spend another minute or two "organizing" the straps so they don't get tangled up with each other or come apart from the seat itself (even after the straps are "assembled" going in and out of all the right places, they just fall back out if you're not really careful).This seat isn't bad for us, we only use it at relatives houses who don't have a booster seat, so it's not too much of a hassle.  (It's only been used a half a dozen times in the past year)  But I wouldn't recommend it if you're going to use it more than once a month.  The removable tray is nice, and it is easy to clean, but between the hassle of removing the tray, having to use 2 hands to set it up and fold it back down, and the straps that fall out way too easily when not fastened, it's too much hassle for everyday use.  If you need a booster to use more often, I'd recommend the "on-the-go" booster seat.
I like this in theory but it's much too small.  It is not even the standard width of a crib and definitely not wide enough to wrap around much of anything.  I should have paid closer attention to the dimensions but seeing as we don't have a fancy ornate crib or anything I assumed it would work.  My mistake, it's going back.
We got these becasue our new house has a brick fireplace with an elevated ledge.  Our daughter was just learning to walk when we moved in and as part of our baby-proofing we decided we needed something for the fireplace.  This was about the only option BRU had and it was a waste of money.  It didn't fit together right and then the adhesive didn't stick to the brick.  Plus when it was on our daughter seemed to be drawn to it! It never failed she wanted to go right to it and try to get it up.  So we just took it up and she's been fine without anything on it.  In fact, she's pretty much left it alone since we took this off.
This product is a great concept, BUT it has a critical flaw for me.  The whole idea that I need to drill a big hole inside each cabinet door or drawer is a non starter.  I mean, why would you spend money on a nice kitchen only to drill holes inside doors and drawers?  Hello?  Baby will grow up eventually so the locks are not needed.  What about those holes?  It is cute that the manual says "do not drill through the door," hugh?  Why would I want to even have a drill near my cabinet doors?  Also, what happens if say the door cracks while I drill?  Who pays for that?  I know the answer to that one -> ME!  Soooo....product is going back.  Non-starter
We owned this car seat for one month.  It does have nice deep side wings and the chest straps are big and broad, so they don't cut into his chest.  However, here are the issues:-It does not have an adjustable crotch strap, so a bigger baby (our son is tall and skinny) probably won't be able to use it forever.  I don't know how a chunky baby would last more than a few months without sitting on the crotch strap-Trying to pull the straps tight was extremely difficult--I thought my wrist was going to break.  I never felt he was actually snug enough but I just couldn't physically pull any harder-As other reviewers stated, the crotch buckles don't always click, so you have to play games trying to make sure they are locked-The strap release is hard to access, making it more difficult to remove himWe then bought The First Years True Fit. Like the Boulevard, it was huge and bulky. When fully tightened in the rear-facing position using the LATCH system, both could be grasped by their bases from the front seat and pulled forward, pushing baby's head into the back seat. The same could be done by just pushing on the backs of these carseats (in the rear-facing position), so baby's face would slam into the back seat in a head-on collision!Finally we went with the Sunshine Radian and what a difference! It has a detachable base which, when installed in the rear-facing position, fully fills in the gap between the carseat and seat back. No bulky towels that shift, no water noodles that get squished down. And a SNUG FIT! Additionally, there is a very easy floor tether that secures this carseat further, even in the rear-facing position (The First Years True Fit offers no such tether, and Britax's rear-facing tether is strung over baby's head!) and even if your car doesn't come manufactured with a specific tether point!The mesh fabric stays dry and cool even on the hottest days, there's plenty of leg room even in the rear-facing position, and this whole seat fits (albeit snuggly) in the backseat of my 2004 Saturn LW300 (a very small backseat!). Also, there's a little card pouch to fill out with your child's medical information in case of an accident so emergency personel can immediately treat your child!
I bought this thinking that it was the answer to my swaddling prayers.  When I brought my 8 pound newborn home, I wrapped her in it right away.  She wanted her hands out, which was no big deal.  But then I noticed that she kept waking up because there is too much leg room and she was kicking herself awake.  There is no way to wrap the legs tighter.  I decided to swaddle her the old fashion way in a flannel blanket then wrap her with this on cold nights.  The second night I used this blanket, the velcro stopped sticking.  What a waste of money.
I have been using these for quite some time.  For some reason I decided to smell the inside of the bag.  There is a strong plastic odor inside the bag.  I put some water in one and froze it.  Then I thawed it as I would milk for my son.  The water absorbed the odor and tasted funny.  I have about thirty bags left in the package and am throwing them out.  Who knows what chemicals are leaching into the liquid inside.  In addition, I noticed that the packaging states "Packaged and printed in the USA"...but where is the actual plastic used to make the bag made???
I bought this peek-a-boo ball for my then 5-month-old because I thought it was cute and it would be fun for my daughter to manipulate and roll around. We had played with it less than 5 times when one of the circular wooden pieces just fell off along with the little head!Attached is a picture. I am so thankful that my 5-year-old noticed it and brought it to me. My baby would have definitely put this in her mouth and choked on it. :( I will definitely be contacting Wonderworld about this product. They really should take toy off of the market. Parents, please do not buy this toy.
Bought it for my baby girl when she was 3 mth only and couldn't fit into it all eventhough it clearly notes for 0-6mth.The hat looks nice on picture but since it is not stretchy, it is not accommodating at all.
This product is not versatile nor effective enough for me to recommend it.  We got it as a gift and I tried using it every day for about two weeks and my baby would just look at me thinking "are you crazy mom!? there is NO way I will sit still in this!"  She would just squirm around trying to get out.  It is much too slow to do anything for a baby and is bulky and ugly and heavy as well!  I got a lot more use out of the Baby Bjorn Sitter which is a little more money but my baby likes it, sits in it for at least 10 minutes (that is a lot for her!) and it folds flat and does not require batteries.
HI, I HAD THESE BOTTLES BACK IN 2002 WHEN MY SON WAS BORN BECAUSE THE HOSPITAL GAVE THEM TO US TO USE TO FEED THE BABY. I HAD NO PROBLEMS BUT WHEN I BOUGHT MORE WHEN I GOT HOME, I HAD NOTHING BUT LEAKY PROBLEMS!!! I EMAILED AVENT 2 TIMES AND THEY TOLD ME FIRST THAT I HAVE TO CALL THEM TO "TALK ABOUT IT" I SAID FORGET IT AND THEN I COMPLAINED AGAIN WHEN THE LEAKING KEPT HAPPENING. THEY SAID THAT I WAS NOT PUTTING THE NIPPLE AND RING ON CORRECTLY. THEY TOLD ME TO ONLY TURN THE RING UNTIL U FEEL IT JUST ATTATCH TO THE BOTTLE AND DO NOT OVER TIGHTEN. I TRIED THIS AND YET AGAIN THE BABY WAS SOAKED!!! MY POINT OF WRITING ABOUT THIS NOW IN 2005 WHEN I USED THESE BOTTLES IN 2002 IS THAT I CANNOT BELEIVE THIS PROBLEM HAS NOT BEEN CORRECTED YET!!! WE THINK WE HAVE ANOTHER BABY ON THE WAY AND I KNOW THAT WE WILL NOT, NOT, NOT, BE GETTING AVENT BOTTLES!!!
These might be more appropriate for an older child. For my toddler, they were bulky in the grip and not secure enough--they would roll past each other once he got a grip on some food, causing the morsel to go flying out of his grip.
At first, I thought the dresser was nice.  It looked really good once we got it put together.  It did take awhile, however, for my husband to get it together.This dresser is not good quality.  We have had numerous problems with this dresser.  Two of the drawers are constantly coming off the tracks.  I don't like the fact that the changing table does not have a front lip/edge; it's a hazard in terms of my daughter falling off.I would not buy this dresser again.  It is not worth the money at all
It doesn't fit my 5 month old and I ordered the 6-12 month size...cute but I guess I will pass it on to a friend with a newborn because it's not worth shipping back.
So the food gets all frosty. I use three rubber bands to keep it on better and it works well enough.
This is by far the worst package I had received ever. I wanted this do bad for my daughter, the package came opened and the box was in a horrible condition. I bought I brand new item but instead I got something used. I am very unsatisfied with this item!
Although a good idea....it still needs some work.  We have a brick hearth and a very curious 10 month old....and this is, well, there.  First, the double sided tape needs some work - I dont know if anything sticks to brick, but there has to be something stronger that can be offered.  Secondly, my 10mo has decided that she wants to continually pull this off - and she can with ease -- we just keep re-sticking it back on!  This doesn't look great...doesn't work great....but for the time being it is there.
The product works well, in theory.  Locked the food in place with no problem.  Easy to grip.  But the mesh is super thick and large.  My little girl, who loves food and puts everything in her mouth, didn't want to put this in her mouth.  She tried it, made an awful face and refused to put it near her face again. I introduced at 6 months, and then every few weeks after that.  I've since given up.I don't blame her.  I tried to eat an apple slice through it.  I got hardly any juice and the feel of the mesh in my mouth was gross.  Very unappetizing.Maybe if they had a thinner mesh??
This poncho is large in all the wrong places. The sides are very short, and there's no way to hide yourself without moving the poncho sideways. You cannot see what's going on underneath it because the material is very thin and flimsy and there's no band around the neck part. So holding my baby with the right hand while holding open the collar with the left, isn't very comfortable. especially if you have large breasts.
It's a sippy. This isn't rocket science.  The only thing I don't like about these are the lack of an air-intake.  My son will drink from this but every 4-5 sips i have to pull it out of his mouth (which he is NOT a fan of) to let air back into the sippy so he doesn't break a blood vessel in his mouth from sucking so hard. I would recommend finding a sippy with more than just the holes on the mouthpiece to save the headache.
It's cute. But my kid didn't care for it at all. Wish I didn't spend $20 on a teether. Waste of money.
I thought my production was down b/c of shield size, but these were too small, I have no use for them but they are not returnable.
Warmer keeps wipes warm but the top pops open repeatedly no matter what we try making the top wipe cold and ultimately drying out the wipes.  I wouldn't buy this again
I had this thing for maybe a month and the stitching came undone on the pouch. Also, it does not attach very securely to your seat so it just kinda flops around. The string on the bottom that you use to tie it to the seat is very flimsy and is always coming undone. Really dissapointed in this product.*Update* I ended up just throwing this thing away. I tried super gluing the pouch that came undone and that only worked for another month or so. I ended up getting the Munchkin one and it is great! Not only is much better quality BUT it is actually about 5 dollars cheaper! Don't waste your money on this one.
I bought this nipple for using with thickened milk but it didn't work. The nipples collasped easily and baby got really frustrated.
I cannot stand this highchair! It was way to difficult to clean. The tray sits up to high for baby! I went with another one after using this one for 6 months!
it's not big enough to cover the chest area and too stiff. my baby keep wanting to pull them off
I used this bath for the first 3 months and it was great when using the sling, but when my son got too big for the sling and was sitting up, we tried the sitting position. But my son would just slip down and would cry because it was uncomfortable for him. I would not recommend this bath tub. There are other tubs with slings that are much better.
I love the shape and height of this pillow, but it's just too soft for nursing. The lack of support causes the baby to "slip" forward. It's a very light-weight pillow and tends to shift a lot on your lap. Also, the cheap filling tends to bunch up and become misshapen after only a few washes.
Low quality work, the finish is not as nice as it looks in the website photo. The changing pad shape is non standard so you better take this into account because buying another pad or a cover is very hard (if not impossible). The pad that comes with the table is very cheap, I would not recommend using it. We ended up returning it.
Don't get suckered into buying a contraption that forces you to spend money on proprietary bags.  You can get a much better product, called the Diaper Champ.  It's very easy to use and you can use whatever trash bag you want.  You really won't need it, but if you are so worried about the smell, you can buy the Glad Oder Shield bags
Duplicate products in Amazon.. beware!! After some research we bought for our lil one but  felt the difference in a use of 2 weeks.The color got faded after 2 washes.For the first time we felt bad on buying from Amazon that too regarding baby products.
Not a fan of these. They're very rough and give my baby redness, so we're stuck with 175 liners we don't know what to do with. Would have preferred if like other companies they sold them as 100, so I could have decided and saved money. They do the job they're supposed to do but at the cost of hurting my little one's bum, so no go.
I bought this for my 13 month old son to keep him safe at my mom's house which is not baby proofed.  It is very difficult to snap the pieces together and then even more difficult to get them apart.  The hinges also have a clicking mechanism that hold them in place, so that if you want to change the angle between them it is also difficult to do.  So if you are planning on using it in a way that you would be changing the shape or opening and closing frequently, it is a real pain.  It is very lightweight and so easy to carry, but then again you would have to set it up when you get where you're going and that's a huge pain.  Because it is so lightweight my son just pushes it around with him.  We actually ended up building a small square of just 4 panels and he just pushes it around the house (wood floors).  That way he can't get to the dog or anything else that isn't baby proofed, but he can still get around a little to follow us as we move around.  However, since the sides have the small mesh, he is now learning to stick his toes in there so that he can climb the sides.  All in all, a pretty disappointing purchase.  We have the other style at home where the panels are thicker and look more like a fence with straight up and down panels instead of the lattice work. It is much easier to open and close and reconfigure if needed, but obviously heavier and less portable.
The product feature states these bags have the stick strap. These do not. These are the new model with the adapter which is not what i wanted nor ordered.
Out of the 4 rattles only 2 are rattles and the other 2 are just stuffed bugs. The rattlers are not noisy enought. My daughter doesn't even hear them herself while she moves her arms.The other issue is that the socks are not elastic enough and too big for ther feet. Just as she starts to move they will come off.My daughter was 4 month old when i bought this.
I'm disappointed in this chair because I think Baby Trend usually makes good products. While it is easy to use, it seems geared toward bigger kids. My 10-month old always falls to the side of the chair and the tray is too high on her chest (she's average height and has been sitting up for months).I have been able to get food stains out of the fabric by washing the entire cover on Delicate cycle and then air-drying. However, the cushion on the bottom has bunched up inside the fabric and I have not been able to flatten it out.My nephew has a Graco Contempo, which my daughter has used, and I like it much better because she sits up higher and the tray comes right to her at the appropriate height. When my daughter is done with this chair, I think I'll sell it in a garage sale and get a Graco for the next kid.
I just want to start of saying that I had purchased these with the intent of cloth diapering my baby.  I had used Gerber flatfolds and prefolds on my first two children back in 2000 and 2002.  They were amazingly awesome back in the day, so I'm wondering what on earth happened.These are very thin . . . I mean see through thin.  I couldn't even use them as a changing, shoulder or lap pad in a pinch. Any baby "mishap" would immediately seep through.  Not only that, they feel very rough - not something you'd want to rub on a newborn baby's skin to clean spit-up or drool.I feel bad for giving such a poor review because I'm normally a huge fan of Gerber products.  I just think that these are pointless and a waste of money.  You can find better flatfolds for nearly the same price as these.  As far as burp cloths, the Gerber prefold diapers work awesome for those.
when they mentioned tummy time i envisioned a bigger mat than this. my 4 month old cant roll over on this thing without falling off. also putting water in it was ridiculously hard. the hubby did it easily but i couldnt figure it out. my baby doesn't enjoy it at all. waste of money for us.
This pump is very slow so unless you have 45 minutes to an hour to pump 4 ounces, don't get this.  In addition to being slow, it began leaking while in use and this is only after being SPARINGLY used for 5 months.  It's a waste of money all around!
I bought this bib after a lot of recommendations. I was very disappointed. First, the pocket is pretty much useless. It clings to the bib itself and doesn't catch half the food... even when it does, it's hard to get it out. It makes it very hard to clean these bibs sort of putting them in the laundry. Plus I used dish soap and let them dry out for a long time but one of the bib started to have black mold stains, and even cleaned that way they end up stinking after a day. Then, even with the little sleeves, my 16 month old managed to pull it off right away, so unless you can watch your kid like a hawk when he's eating, I'd look elsewhere.
It was so disgusting and messy...and horrible to clean  I should not have bought this and would never recommend it.
I expected great things from this blanket since Baby Bargains raved about it.  Save your money and buy an Amazing Miracle Blanket instead.  The velcro is annoying, and my daughter could wiggle out of this way too easily.  She never got out of the Amazing Miracle Blanket, even at 6 months (I swaddled her when we were traveling and she had a hard time sleeping).  Skip the swaddleme and get an Amazing Miracle Blanket.  I swear I don't work for them--it's just that the blanket design is amazing and miraculous!
Buyer beware - only the small bowl has a top and the suctions on all the bowls is weak at best. If your kid isnt dead set on flinging the bowl like mine is, maybe these will work. But if dinner time equals frisbee time, I'm afraid to say these might not be for you.
This was one of three diaper pails I tried while my daughter was in diapers, and my least favorite of the three.  Sure, the idea of twisting the diapers into their own little sausage-like casings seems appealing, but all that twisting led to some real issues with my elbow - very painful.  And the hefty price you have to pay for the replacement bags...what a rip-off!  I ended up using the Diaper Champ and was really happy with that diaper pail - no special bags required and all you do is drop the diaper in and flip the handle over.
I thought this would be a great idea but I tried using it and it squirted in my babies eyes because the dispenser got stuck.  She now plays with it but it didn't really serve its purpose.
The site I bought this of left off the description that it was the travel size so I was miffed from the start. However, since this thing is made in China, it should have been me first clue that it was a piece of junk.No matter how many times I replace the batteries with new, fresh ones...the thing either doesn't turn on at all or cuts off after a few seconds. Can you imagine how irritating this is with a crying baby or one you are trying to get to sleep?I would really love to love this thing, but it sucks. The idea is great but I don't know if I got a lemon also (like someone else mentioned) but this product is so unreliable and it's not worth the higher price tag. I'm so disappointed. I've written Cloud B and hope I get a response. A new product would be welcomed. I'd also second what someone said about how it sucks that it goes off after 23/45 minutes however, it would for sure run out of batteries in an instant if it was on continuously.
I got this for my  3m old son. Although it seem to fit his body fine, he wasn't able to sit up by himself without assistance. I thought by the 5th month when he should be, it probably won't fit his body so it's not very practical. Also because he is long in height, he seem like he will tip over easily even with the straps on. I didn't feel comfortable him using this without any supervises so I would not recommend this
My daughter is a strong 12-month old, but the flaps on snack catchers are so stiff that they trap her hand once she gets her fist inside. Now she resorts to trying to pick out cheerios from the container one at a time, however, each time she manages to get one out, 5-10 others pop out with it and fly everywhere, or she pushes 1-2 flaps in and tries to pour out the cheerios, and, of course, they fall out everywhere. It does a great job keeping the cheerios in as long as no one tries to get any out.
I don't get this thing.  I can't figure out how to change the batteries in the top bar, so all it does is crackle.  My daughter is 3 months old and can't reach to hit the toys with her hands, and can't kick it because the bar is so low and the toys hang by her knees.  Are they supposed to knee the toy??  The music won't play because of what I believe is the battery issue.  So, since I can change the batteries for the vibrate function, all it does is vibrate and she gets sick of it within 2 minutes.
What a waste of $20. I don't know what all the hype is about. It's just a tiny squeaky giraffe, I could have gotten any tiny squeaky toy that my baby put in his mouth and called it a teether and sold it for $20.My baby is 4 months old and doesn't care much for it...
Don't fit the glass bottles. Make absolutely sure they fit the products you have home, otherwise is money down the drain.
My husband and I hated this diaper pail from the day we first began using it.  The cylinder continually got stuck, and diapers would often get stuck in the cylinder.  It is no fun pulling apart a diaper pail at 2:00 in the morning because the handle won't go down due to a diaper that is stuck in it.  Plus, I think it is unsanitary.  The diapers are placed in a plastic hole at the top of the pail, and then they drop through to the bag.  Well, messy diapers sometimes left a bit of a mess in the opening area, and it was not easy to clean.  Finally, after two months of dealing with this pail, one morning, I flipped the handle, and the cylinder fell right into the bottom of the pail.  (It was not a pleasant task to retrieve it, either!)  I haven't been able to figure out how to fix it, so we are using a Safety 1st Diaper Pail now, and the Diaper Champ will be hauled to the road for the trash pickup next week.  I think that for the price, it should have lasted longer than two months.  I do not recommend this product.
this pump is very flimsy.  i managed to get only 1-2 good pumping sessions out of it before it broke.
serves its purpose but in order to get the max space out of it, it has to stick out quite far into the room, and if not, it sags and everything falls out
This thermometer is about as good as not having one at all. On one reading it will say 102.7 (which nearly stops your heart) and the next reading (within seconds of the last) will say 95.3 - and the readings continue on like that. Each consecutive reading will have several degrees difference, so you have no idea what the true temperature is.
We ended up not keeping this drying rack or the Dr. Brown's bottles. The rack was not easy to fill, the bottles tipped over easily on top. The bottles have great reviews but cleaning out that little straw inside at 2am not our cup of tea. Our baby preferred another brand. We have friends who have been very happy with these but we personally were not.
I had this for less than a month before it broke. It's really easy to use and they did the job, but it broke so quick and I have no idea why. I would recommend buying a product with more quality than this, it's worth it. Thank God that it's the summer time now, so my son doesn't really need warm wipes for now.
I loved this product at first and I know my daughter enjoyed it for the first two months.  After a while though, it began drying out too quickly and literally burning the wipes on the bottom.  The last thing you want to have to do is throw away 1/3 of your wipes because they are brown and dry.
I bought these and still haven't used them because I can barely get them open. I know it's supposed to be for baby proofing but adult proof too? A little too much for me.
Delivered On: Friday, April 26, 2013.Keep this date in mind when reading this review.After buying this product I would of gave it 5 stars, but I like to use things for a little while before I give it a full review.The 1 star rating is not because I hate the product, because it is great when it was fully functional. I rated this with 1 star is because it is unsafe. This gate was closing and locking by itself up until a couple days ago I noticed it would not lock in place after walking through it. I checked everything out and could not figure out why it would not close all the way and lock in place. I have the gate located on top of the stairs. Today one of my kids went downstairs and did not check to make sure the gate was fully closed and locked after going through it. My 7 month old baby was crawling behind him and pushed through the gate and almost fell down the stairs. Luckily my wife saw this as it was happening and ran as fast as she could and grabbed him. After that I took a closer look at the gate and saw at the bottom there is a plastic piece that allows the metal locking pin hit it and the pin slides up and then down into a hole and locks the gate into place. Where the pin hits the plastic it was getting wore down and prevented it from doing its job. I tested this theory by putting a little cooking oil on the plastic and opened the gate and now it shuts and locks automatically. One side of the plastic is cracked and the other side looks fine but, wore down. I would say this would be grounds for a recall. If my baby would of fell down the steps. Dreambaby would be getting more than just an earful of complaints from me. The reason we bought the gate was because it automatically closed. We did not want any other kind of gate because they leave room for error. Now either Dreambaby will have to either send us a new gate or by me a bulk supply of cooking oil so I can keep lubing my gate up. I would not buy this gate until this issue is resolved.
I tried this 3 times when my son woke with colic pain and each time my son screamed and tried pulling it off, thus making him wake up completely and it would take forever for me to get him back to sleep.  I have used Earth Mama Angle Baby's booby tubes with great success so I know he does not mind the warmth....I think it was the wrap all the way around him that bothered him.  Or maybe the smell because, I could not stand the smell myself.  I just returned this.
Hated this stroller and had to return it.  the straps did not fit my 9 month old baby (middle strap too short and could not adjust), the buckle was very hard to use (pinched my fingers a couple of times) and it felt not that sturdy pushing it around.  It was pretty light and folded ok but I would not recommend this stroller.
the bristles on this brush are WAY TOO STIFF. it looks well designed and i love the suction on the bottom but the bristles are so stiff that all it does is splatter soap everywhere and doesnt really clean well. the nipple cleaner is really stiff too. it feels like it's going to rip throught the nipple. you might as well use a brillo pad on a stick.
We have a Smaller, compact Viking and these did not work on our stove--the knobs popped right off when we put these on....knobs wouldn't stay on and we had to send back.
The quality of this product was completely fine but my problem is with the color choices.  The item I ordered was labeled as cream but when it arrived it was very much a yellow.  I would have returned it if I didn't need it right away as a back up crib sheet.  Otherwise, the sheet is soft.
The lid doesn't turn and the blue lip gets stuck. You have to wrestle with this with both hands while holding the bottom with your foot. And the wipes fall out all the time. It's just AWFUL!!!
Sorry but I can't figure this product out. I have no idea how to install it. It's pretty complicated. It ended up in the trash. I didn't bother returning it because Its not even worth the hassle.
Great concept, but I do not like these. They are hard to open (which I realize is good for the child, but I still don't like it) as well as near impossible to really clean.
When I put these on I was actually really impressed with them--they were pretty mesh with the crib sides, and didn't stick out badly on a quick glance and make the crib look horrible.  However, they were on the crib for 1 week before my 9 month old get them off.  Problem?  The edge of the gummi rail goes down on the inside of the crib rail JUST enough to sit perfectly where bottom teeth land when chewing.  He popped them right off then just chewed on the silicone.
I found this product nearly unusable. I'm not sure how they took this picture, mine won't stay up with just a pack of diapers in it. I'm currently using it to hold spare swaddling blankets until I have a chance to sew something to fasten it to the crib more securely.
the subject pretty says it all, but this brush doesn't fit into the opening of Dr Brown's bottles and is too short to reach the bottom of an 8 ounce bottle anyway.  and the bristles are so stiff that they hurt my hands.  and the nipple brush hardly has enough bristles to clean a nipple.  poor quality, poorly designed.
I loved this product when I first got it.  Of course, with a baby, you are going to have to clean it at some point.  When the time came, I followed the care directions for washing the mat cover.  Unfortunately, it was ripped to shreds and could not be repaired.  I contacted the company about the flaw but never got a response.
Wish I would have bought the other playmate a bought years ago...but I was trying something new. This one cost more and didn't have much to explore.
I read so many positive reviews on this set I thought I would love them too.PROS:  They seal very well, even liquids.  I like the smaller bowls because he can hold it with one hand in the car and reach for the snack with the other.CONS:  In the dishwasher the lip of the cups and bowls retains water so I have to tip them over after the cycle is done and let them air dry standing upright.  I have had these for less than a month and the plastic on the mouthpiece of the cups is coming off from my son scraping his teeth on it.  I'm not comfortable with him ingesting plastic so the cups are going in the trash.
She snags this off each time I put it on my 13 mo old. Guess I should've bought it when she was first introduced to solids. Will try again with the next one.
This pillow sounded like the best thing in the world. I got it out to try it and immediately found that I was too tall for this pillow, unless I slept in a curled position (I am 6ft tall). You have to use the dedicated head part for this which seemed like a rock and the material was not soft. For the money this should have been the best thing ever. I was so bummed, I really thought this was going to be great. So I went and found a 10 dollar body pillow and a 10 soft cover. I also get to use my own head pillows. Wish I could have gave this a better review!
I had gotten these bags to use with a rented Medela Lactina while my preemie was in the hospital. If you are pumping for a NICU baby, nurses do not like to handle the bags to transfer the milk into the volu-feeders/small hospital bottles (if you're lucky enough even to be in a breastfeeding-friendly hospital). Nurses are still handling a bodily fluid and it's extra steps for them if you're not the one handling all of the feedings. Also, the bags do not stand up on their own, which is frustrating if you're truly pumping straight into the bag. Like other reviewers, I found that the top tab tore poorly also. They are good for fast backup if you have no other sterile reusable milk storage container, but I ended up using theMedela Breastmilk Freezing & Storage (*BPA Free) 12 Pack of 80ml Bottles in Retail Packaging #87061long-term and was very happy with them.
I was sold on a waterproof bib which I could rinse under the tap - but I didn't realise how heavy these bibs are!  These bibs would cause a strain on my baby's neck, and he's not a small lad either!  I'm sticking to the cloth ones.
I have tried to use this carrier a dozen times, but to no avail.  My good-natured son cries and cries in what seems to be discomfort.  Though he's only 11 lbs, my shoulders ache after having him in it for only minutes--I guess the straps are not padded enough.  I thought I would be saving money by purchasing a Snugli instead of a Baby Bjorn!  I gave it two stars because it was easy to set up and it positions nicely--just didn't work out for us.  I recommend trying it out at the store before purchasing.
I'll make this short for you...buy a different bouncer.  My son loves to bounce in this chair, but he can bounce in a $19 chair just as good as this almost $50 one.  When I say bounce, I mean I gently bounce him in the chair...the chair is way to boring for him to get excited enough to bounce it on it's own.The bar does not snap off easily...you have to snap off each side at the same time to make it come off easily, otherwise it is a struggle.  The vibrating function is LOUD.  The so called activity bar is lame, in my opinion.  You can't make it stay on...it is only activated by shaking it.  The angle on it is also poorly designed unless your baby is just the right size (and they are only that "right" size for a short time since they grow so quickly when they are little).  The hanging toys hang way too low for baby to actually see...they are so low that they pretty much hang on baby's lap.I am very frustrated with Fisher Price and their Rainforest bouncer because they are one of the few companies out there with this design (the Rainforest collection) that is actually designed for baby and not moms wanting something to look good in their living room.  Pastels are pointless for babies at this age...you need reds, white, black...bright colors contrasting with eachother in simple patterns.  Fisher Price is almost there with the Rainforest collection, but they fell short on this bouncer.  I now have a $45 seat for my baby.  YAY!!
I purchased this item from Amazon on 11/28/12 as a gift. My daughter has one and loves it (I purchased hers at a toy store in Chicago). When this Sophie arrived it looked totally different than my daughters. The colors looked faded, the material feels thin and the serial number on the back is very obviously fake. The real Sophie has an almost powdery feeling to it when you first get it. It has a serial number on the back of one of the legs which is RAISED not stamped into it. It feels much thicker and more sturdy than the one that Amazon sent. Even the booklet included with the amazon Sophie was an obvious copy and not an original print. My suggestion: forget saving $2 and drive to the local baby toy store and buy it in person. The ones from Amazon are fake.
We bought this baby monitor to hear our toddler daughter call us in the night if she needed us.  We had an old Safety that we used for 5 years but as it aged, it became more static-y.  My husband wanted one that had a privacy feature so I picked this up.  He immediately commented that the 900MHZ frequency really wouldn't give us privacy but would try it out.This baby monitor worked for a few weeks but then the receiver would start to "pop" loud static sounds.  First it started around 4am in the morning but then progressed into all hours of the night randomly.  My husband thought maybe it was picking up wireless or X10 signals...  Whatever the reason, these receivers are useless to use at night and will have to be used only during day use for my younger child's naps.
This Taggies toy is not much fun for baby at all! It's too difficult for even a year old baby too pull out the pink vibrating piece and when you pull it out for baby the cord is so short it literally moves for 3 seconds max! Lastly it does not hold it's shape and flattens out over time even with barely any play time on it. For the price there are MUCH better toys out there!
We loved this - so useful with all the pockets/etc., but after a week of use, it started to STINK like mildew (even though we washed it a few times and even dried it out every time).  Had to ultimately throw it away and just keep the kneeling cushion.
This monitor is awful.  Do not waste your money.  It certainly isn't "crystal clear."  I can't hear my son in the next room.  Often times I will wake up to another family waking up.  How awkward.
I just received these as a gift and will be returning them. I had intended to use them as burp cloths, but they are way too thin and not absorbent at all! You can see right through them. Plus, the fabric is really scratchy. Not at all what I was expecting.
I was so disappointed when these arrived, they were so large and bulky on my toddler and the velcro didn't hold up. They have become my back up diapers for laundry day. Id never order them again.
Let me start by saying that we have these exact sheets in Ecru for our Pack n Play and I love them.These are different. The 'ecru' color of these full-sized sheets was more of a light-yellow buttercream color. Not a problem, just a fact. I would have preferred the beige ecru color of the Pack n Play sheets.They are too big. WAY too big. After several washing/dryings they are baggy on our crib mattress. I have never had this problem before with any other sheets. Too small after washing, yes. Too big? No. And that problem is exacerbated by the fact that...They are very thin. Thinner than a t-shirt. We have knit sheets for our bed that are more like a shirt thickness. I prefer those. These are thin like those cheap shirts they sell to teens at the mall so you can see their bra.I assumed they would use the same fabric for these sheets that they use for the Pack n Play sheets - as only the size has changed. Alas... I will not be using these sheets, not even as backups. I'm not a worrier, but these wad up under our 17m old when he tosses in his sleep and I don't like that. Baby sheets shouldn't do that! These are terrible.
Just so you know, this product does not work with the hygeia pump.  I know there are not many hygeia pumpers out there but just in case, save yourself the time and the money and don't buy it as it does not convert for the hygeia threading.  The packaging does not indicate that it will work, it does not list Hygeia at all.
In theory, this looks like it might be useful. However, the side compartments are really small. Not even an average size bottle of cornstarch can fit in it. When I try go to remove something from there, like a tube of cream, the plastic side piece detaches and I have to click it back into place (all of these pieces can disconnect, which could be nice, but I found that they would disconnect when I did not want them to). The diaper areas in the front do not hold many diapers at all. The top doesn't have a non slip grip, so the box of wipes just slides all over. PAIN IN THE REAR. I returned this and bought a large basket that I keep on the changing table edge and just put all my supplies into.
We have a toddler and we were told that we just had to get a guard for the DVD, and for other electronic things as well. It seems that babies like to push buttons. Well, that figures. Our boy has been trained with a bunch of musical toys that require button punching and he learned rather quickly. He loves them! It's only a matter of time before he gets to the stereo, TV and DVD player, hence we bought this Parent Units DVD/CD guard.I'm annoyed by this product. It's just a piece of transparent plastic with a couple small velcro straps yet it cost 20% that of the very sophisticated DVD/CD player. What goes? Second, if we use it as illustrated, we will have to remove the guard before each using in order to get the little disc drawer to open. Furthermore, our DVD player is on a small shelf and we cannot remove the guard without removing the DVD player from the shelf first. What a nuisance! I've gotten around this by using the guard upside down. The long flange of the plastic goes under the front legs of the DVD player and the short flange then covers the controls. OK, but we still have to remove the guard before each using of the player It's an annoyance. We're considering putting the DVD player at a higher level out of his reach.Gary Peterson
These things are complete junk and fall apart whenever you (or your child) touches them...which in turn causes a potential choking hazard for the young child.  Save your money.
The suction is too weak to stay.  My daughter doesn't need to pull the bowls up to break the suction - it looses its grip al on its own.  Beats the entire purpose of buying these bowls. Fine, I decided to try to take these on the go - the lids don't stay on!  Waste of money and storage space.
I returned the headrest that I received at my baby shower.  I found that the items I needed to use it with (the carseat, the stroller, the swing, etc.), came with their own headrest.  Also, parents should know, that when I had my carseat checked by the sheriff department's trained carseat safety deputy, I was told NOT to use one of these in a carseat UNLESS the seat comes with one that is made to specially fit that seat.  Using one in a seat that it wasn't made for can cause your child to fit improperly in the seat, putting them at greater risk for injury.  The product may be a fine one, but I found an &quot;extra&quot; one to be unnecessary.
Would not stay on the table.  The baby has no trouble peeling it off in the few places where it does stick, either.  Besides, this ruins the table's finish.  Overall, a waste.
My husband and I read all of the poor reviews on this product, and we really should have listened to them!  However, we were drawn to the bouncenette's pretty neutral color and seeming usefulness.  We were wrong--it wasn't useful.  Here's a list of all that we found wrong with this bouncenette:*When our baby was a newborn, she wasn't properly supported by the seat, and would end up in very weird positions (head near the bottom of the seat, slumped over to the side, etc...) while sleeping.  We thought of placing towels or blankets on either end, but that didn't seem safe.*The vibration is weak.*The toys are very boring and out of the baby's reach, which is pointless.*It's awkward to carry around.*After only two months, we coudn't find any use for this product.We went back to the store and bought the Ocean Wonders bouncer, which is cheaper and a much better product.  Listen to the reviews--don't waste your money.
The wedge has a pretty big bump where it meets the mattress and our son just slid down the side of it. We only tried using it one night and then took it out. I would not recommend it.
These diaper liners were rough and after using for a whole days worth of diapering, my little one's skin started peeling.  We looked at all the usual suspects:  diet, cloth diaper too tight, amonia burn, etc. but it was none of those and the skin peeling stopped two days after I discontinued use.  Sadly, we can't use the rest and found them to be a waste of money.
This play mat just sucks. My son got it for Christmas. I returned it within the week. The fabric is cheap, the toys aren't anything special, and it isn't sturdy. AT ALL. Everytime he would bat at a toy the toy bar would come crashing down onto him, and he was playing very gently. I tried repeatedly to balance the mat and toy bar "just so" so that it wouldn't fall, to no avail.And the advertisement that you can attach the toy bar to the crib? Well, i'm a pretty intelligent adult and I could never get it to stay attached to a crib without looking really tacky.I returned it and bought the fisher price precious planet play mat that has three bars that connect in the middle for about $35 and have had no issues with it. It has alot more toys, collapses well too, and is ALOT better quality.So, for $15 dollars more, my son has a better quality toy that he can enjoy without getting bonked and me having to hold the toy bar up so it won't hit hom in the face.
If I were rating this product based on the how much I laughed and the pictures I have of my one month old covered in ink then I would give it five stars. But I am rating it based on the product itself. I waited until my newborn was in the kind of deep sleep that leaves all his limbs limp so he wouldn't fight me or curl his fingers or toes. I got an OK print with the first hand without leaving too many of my own dirty prints on the paper. The minute I let go of his hand he put it on his face leaving a big black print on his cheek. Realizing this was going to be extra messy I went for broke and decided to do hands and feet. Between the mess on him and me I didn't get any useable prints for display though they are a fun souvenir in their own way. More disappointing than the mess was when I realized that the wipes they provided weren't enough to clean up one hand let alone 2 hands and 2 feet and that we didn't have the mineral oil they suggested. He had black hands and feet for a few days. I realize in hindsight trying to do this by myself was stupid (new mom naivete) but I really don't think the results would have been drastically different with two us. I wish I had whatever they used to do his footprints at the hospital. No muss, no fuss.
I would not buy this product again.  It's very cute and a nice idea but all babies are different and this product didn't work for us. Our Daughter finds the rain noise the most soothing.  The whales, heartbeat and ocean wave options she does not like at all and has never fallen asleep while using those.  We brought this to the hospital and tried using it when she was first born, it didn't work.  I would not buy this product again it was not worth the cost for how little it has helped with our daughter sleeping.  I feel we truly gave this product a good chance (my daughter is now 5 months old) and I am sorry we wasted our money on this.
Great bottles when used with nipples, terrible design with the sippy cup attachment.  Valves are super tough to remove for cleaning,  and they always are being cleaned.  I recommend the First Years Clean & Simple, valve free! sippy cups. They don't offer them on Babies R Us online but the do have them in the store.  They have them in 3 sizes , with handles and they don't leak!  EVER!  When making the purchase do it right the first time.  Not like me 4 sets later :o(
I bought the hippo.  Cute...but it doesn't stay on the tub spout.  My son immediately pulled it off and wants to play with it.  So now its just a tub toy.
While I didn't have the problems others had with a broken frame, I was still very dissatisfied with the quality of the product.1)  The blue background is so light that it looks more like a blueish grey than blue, the pink was fine but we were going to use the blue side.2)  The clay is a horrible item to use for this purpose.  The instructions tell you to roll it in aluminum foil. It stuck to the foil and repeatedly stuck to my son's foot (see additional uploaded photos) regardless of how thick or thin it was rolled out. What finally worked was to roll it between wax paper, let the clay dry for 5-10 minutes after you roll the material before you try to make an impression (this was not included in the instructions).  I only found this out after we had already made about a dozen attempts and decided to use the scraps to experiment to make a hand print. Because we re-rolled the clay so many times, lint and dirt started to get embedded into the clay resulting in an unattractive print that we didn't want to frame.3) I would have expected a little form to keep the clay in a nice square/rectangle, cutting it with the supplied ruler was also a mess that stuck and deformed the print.  After a day, the clay still did not completely dry and has the consistency of the stiffer marshmallows from Lucky Charms (firm but will dent with pressure).4)  There is nothing special about the frame except it is thicker.  To attach the clay they include double sided tape.I would not recommend this product.  For the price you can easily go to a craft store and procure the same materials and have a much better end result.  Personally, I would use artist clay to make a foot/hand impression first and cast that in plaster.Update: 30 November 2011I contacted Pearhead regarding the difficult time we had with the clay and that it was embedded with lint and stuff from being re-rolled. They responded in less than 12 hours and said that they would send out more clay to us. I originally rated this product as a 1, but because they had excellent customer service I wanted to upgrade my rating to between a 2 and a 3.Update: 02 January 2012Since my last update, they did not send replacement clay. I have since emailed the company two or three times and have received no response. I now would like to reduce the rating of this product to a zero if that were possible.Update: Jan 2013It seems that they did not like my picture I had uploaded of my newborn son's feet stuck in the clay gunk and pulled down the picture from the site. Instead of fixing the product or providing customer service, it seems that they prefer to hide the imperfections with the product so that more people will buy it.
I got this about 3 years ago and used it through my last pregnancy.  I started using it again for my current pregnancy and am recalling the frustrations I had with it.  (who needs the added frustration from a pillow when you're pregnant and uncomfortable?!?)  The shape of this pillow is nice, but the widest part is a little too wide & takes up a lot of space in bed - bulky. The slip cover is nice & washes well (gentle & cold).I agree with others - the stuffing separates and clumps up.  It's also too soft & squishy to give enough support.  I expected it to be firmer, like the regular Boppy pillow, but it's no where near.  It quickly flattened-out in the areas where I needed the most support, so I end up fluffing the stuffing every time I try to use it and then folding over the widest part to get more support.I tried it for nursing, and my son just sank down into it - WAY too soft.  I used it under the regular Boppy a few times when I needed him a bit higher than just the Boppy would support.  I like it best as a back support while sitting up to nurse in bed.I got the other, bigger Boppy pillow for pregnancy, but it was also way too soft, and took up entirely too much room.I'd recommend to get this if you don't need much support and like a squishy & very soft pillow.  For most people, I'd say to try something else.  A regular, comparatively inexpensive bolster pillow combined with a small toss pillow under the belly has worked best for me!
I decided to give it a try despite some of the bad reviews, figuring they could be just unlucky. After trying these sippy cups a few times when my son was 6 month old, and again at 10 month old, I have to agree with these 1 star reviews... it's not your child, it's not the parent, it's the sippy cups problem:- Leaks no matter how many times I followed the instructions, re-read, assemble and disassemble. I use a phlilips avent steamer sterilizer for the bottle part only, and I thought I had warped it somehow so that it leaks from the sides. So I brought another one (and did not put it in the sterilizer or washing machine) and it still leaks!! :(- the flow is just too fast. I tried this sippy cup when my son was 6 months and he kept choking cause the flow was just too fast for him. I thought maybe he wasn't ready yet, and this was a good sippy cup. I was wrong. I tried a few more times at 10 months old, the flow is just still too fast he ends up either choking or having his shirt soaked with water.It's a cute cup, I hope it's just a matter of bad quality control only and others have better luck with this.
We are starting to potty train our 18 month old and wanted something to use while on the go.We tried using this potty seat at my friend's house and at the chiropractor's office. It did not fit both times. I could tell my son didn't feel secure on it either. I was also scared that he would pee on me, due to no guard.If you don't want to have to worry about figuring out the quirks, as it seems some have, I would just spend a little more on the Potette Plus (what we purchased later). It worked great from the get go. It is smaller than this potty, but you can also use it on the go as a stand alone potty for those times when you don't even want to bother with the hole in the wall restaurant or gas station! Also, it does have a little lip on the seat, not as prominent as a regular pee guard, but definitely much better than no guard! My son feels more secure on this and I feel less like I have to hold him the whole time to make sure he doesn't fall in.Also, here's a tip: We get a travel pack of sanitizing wipes to wipe down the toilet seat and surrounding area before we put our potty seat on.
My son was 7 lbs 1 oz when he was born and 20 inches long... He wasnt the tiniest baby... I tried putting him in the sling and it just looks like he's falling and being enveloped by this huge orange thing... It's the WORST product ever, I am definitely NOT using it and will probably donate it to goodwill...
The bottle brush is OK.  It doesn't scratch, but when you pull it out of the bottle the bristle sprinkle water/soap everywhere.  My sleeves were always wet after cleaning.  I definitely prefer the Avent brush.  It's softer and has bristles on one side that helps to avoid the sprinkling.The nipple brush is OK.  There really needs to be more bristles though.  And now, after only 5 months of use, the tip of the nipple brush is starting to rust.
This item won't attach to a regular stove because the adhesive won't stick to the sides.  Also, it comes unlocked too easily if you can manage to get it to stick to the oven.
The Miracle Blanket does work. It has a "pocket" where the baby's feet go in, and two little "wings" that you wrap around each arm. Then there's a very long piece that you can wind around your baby. So yes, it is effective in keeping your baby from working himself out of the swaddle.But I've found that it's just as effective, and easier, to swaddle in the traditional way, using a regular blanket. The trick to getting a snug swaddle is to use a blanket that's larger than your typical receiving blanket (usually 30"x30"), and also to look for some stretch in the fabric. My recommendations are:Hudson Baby Organic Receiving Blanket, a 40"x40" blanket. Another popular choice isaden + anais 100% Cotton Muslin Swaddle Wrap, 2 Pack, which is large (47"x47"), has some stretch, and the breathable fabric keeps the baby from overheating.Advantages of using a regular blanket is that they are usually more affordable so you can have a few in the laundry rotation, and they can be used for many other things beyond the swaddling stage, unlike the Miracle Blanket.
My 22 month old just greeted me with a handful of these outlet covers. Sigh. I am so disappointed by this product. I should have bought the cheaper ones that are really hard to remove. Don't buy.
I'm not sure how other people can give these a good review, or maybe I don't know what they're supposed to be used for? Certainly not diapers!  My mother recommended that I get some flatfold cloth diapers just for cleaning up messes, using for burp pads, etc.  The ones she meant were the cushioned ones, however. These are the consistency of cheesecloth - I mean like, see-through! I'm returning immediately.
I don't know why this thing got such great reviews. After a couple of rather sleepless nights, I'm ready to throw this thing out!!!I got both the Slumber Bear and Cloud B Sleep Sheep as baby shower gifts. I opened and used the Sleep Sheep first and have it in the nursery. It works great. My 10 week old is consistently sleeping almost completely through the night, waking only once a night for a feeding.Last week, we had to go to stay with my parents' house for an entire week. So I decided to take the Slumber Bear thinking I could leave it there and have one sound machine at each location. My baby, who consistently sleeps great was restless all night long for first two nights. I had to get up to check on her six or seven times a night. At first I thought it was the change in environment and we'd have to tough it out. Then I decided to sit by her on the third night, to see what was happening. Boy, was I surprised...As soon as I turned on the bear, her eye lids got droopy and she started falling asleep. I didn't even have to cradle her in  my arms. Five minutes passed and the bear turned off. The change between the swooshing and pumping sounds made by the bear and complete silence was too abrupt and this startled her awake before she could fall into a deep sleep. Her eyes wide open and staring at me, I tap the bear to get it started again. Within a minute or so, baby's eyelids began getting heavy with sleep again until the bear turns off after another five minute span. And my baby's eye were wide open again. We did this about 4 or 5 more times and each time, the same thing happened except baby started to lose patience and became cranky. She began to cry every time the bear turned off. And her crying would also reactivate the bear. So this is when I realized that the previous two nights of restlessness was not because of being at grandma's house. It was the bear! She'd fall asleep. Then the bear would turn off prematurely. She'd wake, cry and the reactivate the bear...all night long, without ever getting deep sleep.Who came up with such an absurd design? A sound machine that turns off in 5 minutes!?!?! No one can fall asleep fast enough and deep enough in 5 minutes. I'll admit that even when I was sitting with my baby, I was dozing off. And like her I would wake up as soon as the bear turned off. UGH!!! When I figured it out, I got my cellphone and downloaded a sound app. Then she and I were sleeping great again, even at grandma's house.------------------Slumber Bear VS. Sleep Sheep-----------------------------------1. The bear has only one sound and the sheep has 4 or 5. But the unique womb sounds of the slumber bear works better and gets baby to relax and fall asleep faster than any of the nature sounds on the Sleep Sleep2. Slumber bear is designed to run for 5 minutes and then is reactivated by either motion (baby kicks)or sound (baby crying) for 5 minute intervals at a time. The Sleep Sheep has two choices--20 or 40 minutes duration and does not automatically turn on after that. I use the sheep at 40 minutes. After the baby falls into deep sleep, she doesn't even know when the sheep turns off and she sleeps through to her next appropriate wake time.3. The bear does not attach to the crib as securely as the sheep. The bear is attached via a small patch of velcro on it's paws. It has short arms that are stiff and overstuffed (See #5). Getting the arms to wrap around one of the rails on the crib is not that easy. And can be impossible depending on how wide the rail is on a particular crib. Even if you get it to wrap, the stiffness of the arms can create enough force to undo the velcro. The long velcro strips on the sheep is a much more generous design and can wrap around anything securely.It wraps around the rails of my crib 1.5 times. I couldn't attach the bear to my crib. I attached the sound box and left the bear on a nearby shelf.4. The bear has the edge on cuteness over the sleep sheep and comes with a satin/velour lovey blanket.5. The bear is overstuffed and quite stiff. If you plan on giving the bear or sheep to baby to hold and play with at some point, the lamb is a lot cuddlier.6. Both bear and sheep are battery operated. I've been using the sheep for 3 weeks now. Twice at night and 5-6 times in the day time for naps. Each time at 40 minute intervals. After 40 minutes, the sheep turns off automatically. I've been using the same batteries and they are still going strong. Other reviewers says the bear uses up a lot of batteries even though it only runs in 5 minute intervals. This makes sense. Even when the bear is not making noise, it is on. The sensors are working 24-7 to detect motion and sound. So even with no noise, the bear is not off unless you turn it off completely.Overall, I like the Sleep Sheep A LOT better than the Slumber Bear because when baby sleeps through the night...so do I! I have to admit that I like the sound app I downloaded WAY better than the Bear or Sheep since it has tons of great sounds and useful features, timers, alarms--so many ways to personalize it for your use. The app was $3.99. But because I need my phone and can't let it be a noise maker for baby all the time, I might just get an adult sound machine to use at grandma's house like a Homedics and forgo messing with these cutesy plush sound makers.I hope this helps! I wish I knew all this when I was putting together my baby registry!
As our kids became more mobile we wanted to have something to safeguard outlets which we needed to keep something plugged into.  We thought this would work great as a way to keep kids fingers and toys away if they happened to pull the plug out of the socket.In theory this &#34;works&#34; for this requirement, but in practice it mostly makes the outlet unusable.  What happens is the extra space created between the actual outlet and the plug (by having the additional plastic of this cover in between) makes most of the plugs loose and lose connection periodically.In our new house, I simply bought a bunch of new tamper resistant outlets as replacements which has worked much better and was far cheaper (~$2 / outlet).
I am pretty bummed. It feels a lot like plastic, is very hard to clean and stains easily. My daughter refuses to wear it. I went back to regular bibs.
We purchased this toy when my son was 3 weeks, prior to buying the swing. My son has never liked this toy. He'd cry within minutes of being put into it. He's also very active, which may be the reason why. There isn't much activity other than the vibrating chair, and watching the water bubble up to music or sounds. He just wasn't interested. If you had to choose between the swing or this due to money or space, I'd choose the swing. He loved it.
We tried these when my todder started to be able to pull out simpler socket protectors. First, they wouldn't go into all the sockets. Sometimes they'd work on one socket in a pair, but not the other, so I don't htink that was user error or some problem with the fixture. Second, my 2 year old was able to figure out the mechanism and strong enough to pull them out within 20 minutes.
Our 12 week old became so frustrated while using these bottles because the nipples would constantly collapse.  The directions instruct you not to use an electric warmer or sterilizer.  With a total of 6 parts per bottle cleaning, warming and sterilizing are completely inconvenient.  I'd suggest buying an individual bottle to try it out first.  In our case, these bottles weren't worth the money.
This product has just not worked out for us so far. Maybe my 7 month old will get the hang of it eventually but it is just awkward. Here's why:1. The straps rub on his head and arms. They should be farther out somehow. I might try another one that has a tray which will make the straps farther to the sides.2. The middle part between his legs is too wide. Its hard for him to get the jumping motion when he basically has to sit or just bear weight on one leg.3. It isn't very springy. I wish it used bungee cords instead of a spring.I went to a friend's house and had him try another doorway jumper which addressed all these issues and he was much happier in it. I will try this one for a little longer but it just isn't working.
We brought our baby home from the hospital yesterday and hooked up the monitors - they worked great...for 24 hours.  Now all we hear is static that only gives way to clicks and leaves us wondering which is more annoying.  To make things worse they worked fine yesterday so in my rush to clean up the house and be a good husband I threw away the box so now it looks like [$] wasted.  My wife has a hard enough time sleeping in between feedings without having to listen to static.  Don't waste your money - buy another one.
I bought this for my bb when she is 3.5mths old. She is on the chubby side and her thighs couldn't fit into the floor seat. Would love to use it but had to return it afterall...
Perhaps it's because we live in a high traffic area, but we have nothing but static using this monitor. If you walk by the receiver using the cordless or cellphone it completely loses all reception and all you hear is static. The receiver also seems to have trouble around our direct tv boxes.With all the electronic gidgets and gadgets out there spend the money and get the higher end models that really do block out interference.The real kicker of this was I was asleep one night while my husband was out working and I heard a males voice in the monitor. I immediately freaked out thinking someone broke into the house and was in the baby's room. I jumped out of bed and was ready to run into the baby's room when I heard the guy talking to a girl in what appeared to be a cell phone conversation from who knows where. Talk about almost having a heart attack on the spot!FP should just stop making this model period.
I'm not sure why I thought this would be any different than it turned out to be, but it's just a piece of plastic. And it covers the place where the DVD slides in and out of the player. Baby wasn't more than 1.5 (probably less) and quickly figured out how to move the DVD player so that she could still push all the buttons. This product was not the solution. The solution was to put that DVD player out of reach. Why didn't I think of that first??
This was too big for our two month old and he was very uncomfortable. His neck is still unstable so I had to hold his neck the entire time while taking a bath rather than it whacking on the hard plastic. Also the protruding centerpiece is a good place to crush a baby's balls so watch out especially if he's too small to fit in the tub properly! I think this tub would be good for older infants or toddlers but not for our two month old. Hopefully in the future we can use it again.
i registered and received this item, but returned it because i wanted to possibly use the baby snuggle nest, but ultimately had baby sleep in car seat for a while near me, and then when in crib she was swaddled and couldnt roll over, and as for the incline i purchased the crib wedge that is the width of the crib unlike the smallness of this one, which is great when your baby can finally move around in the crib. this basically is one of the many items aimed at the nervous new mom, but a waste
I bought this item about a month ago and really have loved i it.  A nice spacious area for my 6 month old to play in safely....until I tried to fold it back down to travel for the holidays.  The 8 panels are connected with joints.  Unfortunately, in trying to fold the joints, the panels did not fold at the joints, instead the plastic seemed to just snap.  This happened in 6 of the 8 panels.  It produces sharp shards of plastic.  Clearly not something that is safe for use around a child.I am disappointed because it was great having a large area for my daughter to play in.  But, it certainly does not open up easily or fold down without issue.Back to looking for another safe play yard!!
I registered and received this gift for my baby shower.  I put it on the car seat and was looking forward to bringing my baby home in it.  Fortunately, my hospital has a car seat safety inspection station and they told me to take the Bundle Me off immediately.  They say because the Bundle Me goes under the baby it interferes with the safety restraints.  The straps that go around the baby may appear to be tight, but the Bundle Me may actually bunched up under the straps and therefore the restraints aren't as tight as they should be.  Then God-forbid there was an accident, the force could cause the Bundle Me to shift-- loosening the restraints and baby could come lose.  Kinda defeats the purpose of a car seat if you ask me.  When there are so many safe covers (the ones that are elastic and go over the car seat, but not under the baby-- for example the Eddie Bauer Carrier Cover, which is what we ended up with), why take the chance?  I'd rather error on the side of safety.
Personally barely ever used this size. Much better off purchasing the 4 oz storage bottles. I have a whole stock of them that I only use if I'm out of the 4 oz containers.
This seat has never sat right on any toilet I have encountered and actually made my son frightened to use it.  It would shift and semi-collapse in use if my son squirmed and all in all made potty trips a bad experience.However, I think the same rings true about any folding seat cover since I have used about every one on the market and they all have the same flaws.I say if you are really worried about germs in public restrooms either use a non-folding seat or steer clear of them.  Or just do what I did and make sure your child knows how to properly wash his/her hands after using the restroom.
Okay.  I should have read the description more closely and examined the materials listed.  That's on me.  But when I took this out of the package, I couldn't believe the vinyl smell.  I threw it in the wash with some other laundry and everything in there came out smelling like vinyl.  I took the pad out and washed that laundry again, twice, and there was still a faint smell on the clothes but they aired out okay.  I washed the pad by itself once more but it still reeked, so I ended up ripping off the vinyl, which came off pretty easily.  I washed it again, twice, and aired it out for a day or two.  I have since washed it three more times and the smell is pretty much gone.  It's an okay pad that you can get to fit the Graco P&P; if you really try, but it doesn't exactly fit like a glove.  I would skip this one and just get a good-quality thick pad rather than waterproof.I really like the ABC/TL Care line of products and am pretty surprised that they came out with something like this.
Fisher Price has a great concept, but needs to go back to the designing steps.  Rubberized balls would be much quieter and much smoother rollers than plastic.  I took our toy apart and lined the spinners with felt so they would not wobble which was creating a noise even without the balls on them.  We use racket balls with the toy now and my 6 month old does enjoy the activity.Hope Fisher Price reads these reviews.apep@chartermi.net
When baby puts their finger through the loop to hold it, they would have to turn the small bristles of the brush sideways to use it correctly. They should have rotated the brush part so they could bring it right to their mouth. My little one doesn't like it.
I had high hopes for this considering the reviews.  However, I was disappointed and ended up returning this.  It is very cheaply made and is very small.
We absolutely loved this dispenser.  We didn't have any problems with formula spilling out, or into the other compartments.  It was perfect until... we stopped washing it by hand and put it in the dishwasher.  After it came out of the dishwasher, the top didn't even fit on the bottom anymore.  It was way too loose and just fell off!  If you are going to buy this, hand wash it always!!!
The product is very fun for my daughter of 12 months, but the sound is so electronic that all of the selective instruments sound kind of the same.  How hard would it have been to have actual recordings of instruments?  I guess they don't have actual instruments in China.
These nail clippers are dangerous and I threw them out a long time ago.  I tried to trim my 3 month old son's nails, granted he is the fidgeting type.  Just as I was about to clip one of his nails, he jerked his hand and I accidentally cut off the tip of his finger.  His finger bled, my son cried and I panicked.  Thankfully it was a shallow wound which healed quickly and did not do any serious damage.  But if I knew how dangerous these clippers were I would never have used them in the first place.Instead I use baby nail scissors by same company.  They are VERY safe.  I have used them for over a year and have never had any accidents.  I shudder to think of using nail clippers again, especially now that I have to chase my son around the room to cut his nails.
The attachment makes it top heavy, which means you spill.  If I had a 3rd hand while pumping, this may have worked well.  Loved the idea of expressing straight to the bag though.
This item is filled with bandage and wipes and dont forget the STICKERS. Do not call it FIRST AID KIT .it is a waste of money .you are better of go to your drug store and pickup mixed bandage and wipes and you might get the stickers free. what a waste.
Despite all the glowing reviews for this nursing pillow, I hated it. First the clasp was NOT silent release. It sounded just like every other plastic buckle easily let out. But my baby has a huge startle reflex and the moment I gently released that buckle, boom, she was freaked out and awake. Plus the &#34;head rest&#34; bumps or whatever on the top of the pillow did not correlate well with me or my baby's needed positioning. And yes, I know what I'm doing. The back rest part I was very much looking forward too, but it was terribly uncomfortable and way too stiff of a surface. I don't have a recommendation for a pillow to get instead of this one unfortunately. I don't like the leachco I got either (for the exact opposite reasons...not stiff enough!). Perhaps it's time to try a Boppy.
I pack this item for my son's lunch box. Despite sitting at the bottom of lunch bag without anything disturbing it, it leaked during firs time use. I ended up returning it.
I bought this for occasional use when traveling and the handle is not very durable. It pumps in the beginning of the session and then becomes weird  and loses its suction. Invest in an electric pump if you can. It looks like a waste of money and only usable parts are the two bottles.
Our daughter likes to move her arms when she sleeps - so we like swaddles that have an arm out option.This did not.We returned it without using.
The edges are just serged, not bound with trim, so they curl up, leaving you with little surface area for cleaning the baby.
My husband and I were worried we wasted fifty bucks on this pillow.  While I tried many-a-time to sleep with the pillow, it didn't make the cut. First of all. I prefer down pillows, I need lots of squish, the snoogle is really for those that prefer a firmer pillow, I share a queen bed, so the snoogle was also somewhat of a hazard.  My poor husband would have to shield himself in case one of the contorted ends came flying as I constantly repositioned myself.  It would be nice, on that note if the pillow was a bit more flexible or if one end was straight.  I fell asleep with it once and felt many awkward pains in my neck, shoulders and back.However, all was not lost, it turns out that it can be a wonderful bumper to put around your baby if she happens to fall asleep on your bed.  My husband and I immediately realized we hadn't bought the Snoogle in vain.
My baby is only 5 months old but is quite chubby... This bib is already too small for his neck! I can force it on without strangling him, but it's clear that he hates it because it's not comfortable. I love the durability of the design, but I don't see how this bib could fit a baby for very long, especially not one with any chub.
what a pain to use! who wants or can spend all the time needed to properly attach this item  to yourself and still take care of your sweetie? cannot seem to get it to wrap tight enough to make me feel secure to tote bubbies around. i would not buy this item if i where you.
Avent bottles have more BPA than any other leading brand. BPA free brands include Born Free, Nurture Pure, MAM, Green to Grow, Baby Life and Adrini.(For those that missed the news reports - BPA is a chemical found in some plastics that a recent National Institutes of Health report indicated may be harmful, especially to infants.)
Got these for my baby shower & installed them in my car...they do not block the sunlight at all from the car--might as well have nothing there for all the good they do.  And the worst part is that the support on the bottom of the shade is flimsy plastic & bent within a month from the pressure of being attached by one suction cup so that there are "wings" pointing into my car.  Terrible product & I am replacing them with a better brand.  I will definitely read the reviews first this time!!
i returned. it wouldn't fit around my crib rail. Velcro also wasn't strong. i would not recommend even if it did fit.
The first thing I noticed when I took the My Cot out of its box was the strong chemical smell.  When I opened the cot to investigate the source of the smell, I realized that the chemical odor was coming from the entire length of the cot itself, not the fitted sheet.  This cot is advertised as being PVC-free, but honestly, it smelled just as "plasticky" as vinyl; and Regalo assured me via email that the My Cot doesn't contain any chemical flame retardant, so I'm assuming that's not the source of the smell either.  The product tag states that it's made of polyethylene foam, so maybe that's where the smell is coming from.  (Polyethylene is derived from petroleum).  In any event, the chemical fumes from the My Cot gave me a headache after I sniffed it for just a few seconds, so there's no way I would let my 2 year-old sleep on it for hours and inhale all those noxious-smelling fumes.  This cot is definitely being returned.
I've potty trained 3 kids with the first two we got a cheap fold up seat for when we were out it worked fine. For number three I bought the Mommy's help cushie traveler the idea that it came with it's own bag and was cushioned sold me. Well the first time we used it it flexed under my 2 year old's weight (30lb) when he used his hands to stabilize himself the seat  ended up pinching him enough to leave a red mark and breaking the skin. This seat is now useless since when ever we are out in public and I go to use it he yells NO SEAT HURT ME... I did read the other reviews and it seemed there were many more positive ones so I took the gamble for us it didn't pan out. Like I've said I have potty trained three kids so I'm not new to the concept of how to use a folding potty seat, this one just misses the mark
I bought this because of all the great reviews. it works well but no one mentioned how quickly the brush wears down! Not sure if its just because I wash so many things but either way good thing its not too expensive since it doesn't last for a long time
I have had back pain since the third month of my pregnancy and finally gave in to buying an expensive pregnancy pillow at month 6.  I thought this would be my godsend.  I used it for less than one night before I tossed it on the ground and slept without it.  Since I couldn't sleep, I actually got up out of bed to print out my return label because I couldn't wait to get rid of this thing and pop it off at UPS and get it out of our house.  I am absolutely baffled by all of the rave reviews.Pros:One star for being made in the USA (with foreign parts, so take that for what it's worth).Cons:Cheap fabric case.Inside filling feels flimsy and like it won't hold up.Completely UNCOMFORTABLE!!!You can't use your own pillow unless you want your head lifted up super high.It's not easy to switch from left side to right side.  You have to hoist the dumb thing back and forth (try doing that with sheets/duvet on top), and in doing so, it's completely disruptive to one's sleeping partner.  Also, even simple things like turning over in bed are difficult/painful whilst pregnant, and this pillow makes it even harder.I will either invest in a U-shaped pillow or non-pregnancy specific long tubular body pillow (so I can use my own pillow for my head and turn sides with ease) or just stick to having a regular pillow between my legs.  The Leacho Snoogle was a total bust and a complete waste of money.
Wayyyy over priced!  Should have just used a cloth diaper tucked in.  Material is kinda rough.  Small and skimpy.  But does do the job.  Wouldn't purchase again.  Two does come in a pack, but for $16 it should be 6!
I loved this product at first, but then after a few washings the foam got all bunched up in the area where you lean over the tub.  You are probably not supposed to machine wash it, but with a baby in the house hand washing stuff is not on my priority list.  At least the kneeler part Velcros off so I can still use that (which is the most important part anyway).
I would be very careful when purchasing this!  This product is made of very good material (heck, I'd like to be bundled in one myself!) it is soft, washable and looks great.  The downside is that you should not be putting anything between the baby and the carseat because the carseat was not crash tested in such a manner.  Additionally, we have a Britax infant seat and because of the additional head support used in that carseat, there is barely any room for my daughters head and she's only 8 weeks old!  Sadly, we are returning this product and we're going to try one of the covers that only goes over the seat.
Bought this for my daughter at 6 months and she showed no interest in it. I purchased it for a plane ride where we could sit and discover the book together but she was unimpressed, even now it remains in her toy bin untouched.  She enjoyed other cloth books but this one was a dud.
We've been through three of these. Two were total junk out of the box. One worked very well.The first one we got didn't work at all. It was totally useless. The static was so loud we could barely make out noises from the babies room. But, we sent it back and exchanged it for a new one. The new worked great. So, we ordered another one for the other kid's room. This 3rd one was total junk. So, 2 out of 3 were junk. But, the one that did work, we really like. For me, this explains the mixed reviews on this product. Poor quality control.As far as the one that did work, here are some more details about why I liked it.We've tried a few monitors. This one had the least static. For us, static is the most important issue. We hate it. We use the baby monitors primarily at night, so that we can hear if the kids wake up in the middle of the night. If the monitors have a lot of static it keeps US from getting to sleep.The next most important issue is unnecessary beeping. Some of the other monitors we've used periodically loose the signal from the baby's room, and then automatically reconnects after a few seconds. Each time they loose the signal they beep loudly to let us know. This always wakes us up. This can happen a dozen or more times each night. No good. THIS monitor does NOT beep when it looses the signal, or maybe it just never looses the signal... either way we're sleeping much better now.
I registered for this mirror to use in the car while my baby is in a rear facing car seat.  It gave me peace of mind to glance back and see that baby is ok.  But, in the first week after my son was born, we took our car seat to the police station to have it inspected/installed correctly.  The police officer did a wonderful job securing our car seat, instructing us on the safest way to bundle baby in the winter, etc.  But he was adamant that child view mirrors are a safety hazard.  He said that in a severe impact, the mirror could detach and become a projectile object that could hit the baby.  Even though the mirror is break resistant, it could still cause injury if it came flying at his head.As for using a mirror to check on the baby while driving, the officer also mentioned that if you think the baby is in distress, the best thing to do is to pull over.  If you are looking at the baby in the child view mirror, you are not looking at the road (his words, not mine).  He then went on to advise against other things we had in our car, like the sun shade, and a couple of car seat toys (all can become projectile in an impact).So, as a first time mom, I was probably a little paranoid.  And I'm sure he was just doing his job to warn me about possible safety risks. But sure enough, he managed to put the fear of God in me, and I went home and stripped the car of everything that could potentially hurt the baby (my husband thought I was nuts).  Now the only thing we have in the backseat with the car seat is a foam squishy toy that hangs off the back seat - safe during an impact.Now we've been 6 months without a child safe mirror.  There are times when I wish I had one.  And once I even did pull over to make sure that my son was ok.  But, I've gotten used to NOT having this mirror.  So, even though the mirror was a comfort in the 4 days we got to use it, I'm glad we're not taking any chances.
Although these bibs are large in size, they are way too thin. When my 3-1/2 month old drools or spits up the moisture goes straight through to his clothes and they end up wet anyway. Also the neck size is large and is too big for him. I ordered the green sprouts waterproof pack of 10 bibs and they are well worth the extra $. They are waterproof, fit his neck perfectly and are also large enough to catch his drool and spit ups.
I bought this wrap based on the praise it received.  But I think it is way too expensive for what it is.  It is also time consuming and cumbersome to put on.  You do get the hang of it but it still takes time to get it just right and drags the floor in the process.  Also my 18 month old didn't seem that safe in it.  I felt like he was about to fall out all the time.  And I wondered if the bunched material under his butt and back hurt him.  It pulls up on your shirt so make sure you wear a long one!  And it left black looking fuzz all over my hands and clothes every time I touched it.  I washed it several times and even lint rolled it and it still didn't help. It's also made of a thick t-shirt like material and made me and my son hot.  The only thing about it I liked was that it didn't hurt my back or neck like other baby carriers.I am still on the search for the perfect baby carrier...
Takes too long to heat up the wipes, and then they lose all their heat as soon as you pull them out of the container, before I can even get them right over to my baby. Waste of money.
I am disappointed with this mattress. It has cracks allover and unfortunately after a year of using I have to replace it with new one.I would not recommend it to anyone.
The clasp pinches if you try to get it on close enough to the chin to keep food from going down the neck, the crumb catcher doesnt fit above or below the highchair tray, and every time the bib shifts it yanks the baby in the neck.  Every time we put them on the kids, they end up a teary, tortured mess.  I cant believe so many people love these, we simply could not use them at all.  After this we bought the Kinderville Silicone bibs which are softer, and that was a perfect solution.
When I was a brand-new mom, eager to color-coordinate my baby's nursery, I bought terrycloth changing pag covers in almost every shade available. Good thing I bought so many, because each time baby oozed, leaked, squirted, spit up, fountained, or otherwise made a baby mess, I would have to carefully fit the straps back through the strap holes, then remove the pad cover, toss it in the wash, and put a new cover on. Doesn't sound like much work, but considering how many messes babies can make, changing the pad gets to be almost a daily chore. On top of that, the terrycloth just doesn't clean well, even with those special baby-stain removers and even with Shout! It's much easier (and less costly and less stressful and less time consuming) to use the bare changing pad and simply wipe down any messes with diaper wipes or with a gentle cleanser. Don't waste your money buying pad covers.
This Monitor can be described in one word-Horrible.  My Husband and I would awaken in the middle of the night to this wretched static noise.  Our baby slept through the night since day one...it was the monitor that kept us up.  I finally gave up on it when she was 4 weeks old and got the sound and lights with dual receivers...it's been about 16 weeks since we got it and we have never had one problem with it. This monitor is not worth the money.
This chair is eh. My daughter was bored and it seems cheaply made. I love Fisher Price products and we have a ton, but this just didn't work for us.
I measured the crib before purchasing this, but it was not a hood fit for our standard Jenny Lind crib. Some of the elastic snaps could not stretch far enough to snap closed, so they just hung thee. It did not make me feel comfortable to have those straps dangling since they could have been a potential choking hazard.
you need a bag that fits the diaper as well as the tissues and this is not big enough. dont waste money on it
Unfortunately this was one of the items we &#34;just purchased&#34; without doing much research.  My wife and I figured a infant tub is an infant tub right?  Well, not exactly.  The sling was easy to install and seems to serve its function just fine.  The baby is suspended and with the right adjustment gets the baby in the water, but keeps the head out of the water.  However, our baby is only a little over a month old and I can already tell after we remove the swing the tub will be difficult to use because of the shape of the plastic.More importantly we purchased this for the &#34;temperature sensitive&#34; plug.  When we went to give our baby his first bath I turned on the water to the hottest temperature and let it run on the plug for over 10 minutes.  The plug never changed color and the water was hot enough I wouldn't have felt comfortable bathing in it much less put a baby in it.  We had to purchase another temperature sensor to feel comfortable bathing our baby.  Considering they list this as a feature and it clearly doesn't work I can't recommend this product to anyone.
Dont buy or waste your money really bad. It gets a star because >The hippo is cute but it's piece of garbage. Sending back hope I can.
I bought this pillow to try after a friend told me how great it was.We also heard about it in our child birth class. I wasn't having any trouble using the boppy, but am new to breastfeeding, so I thought, what the heck. At first I thought I was using it wrong. Since it is so firm, it felt awkward around me like I was stuck in an innertube. I did get up to test it out with my baby on it, and the buckle came undone! Luckily I was able to grab my baby before he hit the floor.My baby was only 10lbs at the time.(I am a petite person)Because of the head/pillow supports on each side, and the firmness of the pillow, my baby looked so uncomfortable when trying to eat, plus, his head kept rolling off. His feet also were elevated because they rested on the supports on either side. He looked so uncomfortable! I could sense his relief when I switched back to the boppy.We keep one on every floor of our house, for multiple uses, and are very happy.Other reviewers act as if you can't do anything else while feeding and using the boppy, but I disagree. I've been able to write thank you notes, pull myself up to the kitchen table and eat dinner with my husband, read, and relax all while using the boppy. I can still walk around with it, I just need to hold it. With My Breast Friend, I still felt as if I needed to hold my son, so he wouldn't fall off.We brought our boppy to the hospital, and have been using it now every day for the past three months.I prefer the boppy for many reasons:It is soft and plush so you are able to conform it around your body to your desired position,level, and comfort.My son has reflux, and needed to feed at a slightly elevated level, higher than his feet(not at the same level, as my breast friend).I can position his head higher in the boppy and still feel he is secure and comfortable against me while nursing.My son would fall asleep, and since he has reflux, and needs to also sleep on an incline, I was easily able to transfer him from feeding, to his crib in the boppy, where he would sleep in it and still feel like he was elevated in my arms.The cover on the boppy is much easier to remove and cleanWe use our boppy for more than just feedings. He sleeps in it, eats in it, and plays in it.My husband even uses it when he rocks our son, or feeds him a bottle.I think for the money, this pillow is an excellent, comfortable choice.
The cushion has two raised bumps.  One of these bumps caused a dent in the baby's head after prolonged use.  We had to cut through the foam to remove reduce the bump so that we could avoid a cranio-facial specialist.  I would have given it 4 stars if it didn't have these stupid bumps.  It would also be better if it were longer.
It's a great idea but poor design and construction.  It's a very stiff rubber so when I went to slip it over the spout the inner rings broke off.  The inner rubber rings help keep the hippo snug on the spout.  Once the rings broke off, the hippo just dangled on the spout.  The water flows out of his mouth still but back sprays out of the neck because its too loose.  I wouldn't recommend it but it'll do until I find a suitable replacement.
I have never given such a bad review and I always buy a product based on other's reviews and for this one I should have listened to the majority when they said it is crap.  I have spent 30 minutes trying to install one and the darn thing will not snap shut. I thought I had standard lever door locks but I'm guessing I don't. It looks like maybe the base of mine is to thick????  I'm curious if anyone has had this problem. I'm desperate to find something that works and there aren't many options out there. I liked these because they lock back up automatically. Guess ill be returning them.
It's cute. But, it's an expensive squeeky toy. It also smells like just rubber which isn't that appealing. I have twin girls and neither one cared to chew on it.
Don't waste your money!  Overpriced leaky bottles!
My 2-month old twins seemed to really enjoy this playmat.  They were able to hang out for a full 20-30 minutes and be entertained until the music/light part stopped working.  I'm really annoyed that I need to buy a new one now.  I will definitely try a different brand.
I received this today.  Took it out and turned it on, not impressed.  Like other reviewers stated, you really have to have just the right place to put this.  I would say a high dresser right near the bed.  I couldn't make out any of the constellations.  The only thing this product really does, is show some stars on the ceiling.So, for me personally, and this is just my opinion that I am leaving this review on:Pros:  Shows stars on the ceiling if placed just right.  Colors aren't very bright, but if you have a pitch black room, you can make out the different colors.Cons:  That's all it does.  No music.  The stars don't revolve.  The constellations don't really make sense.  Also, I don't know why, but I guess I thought the shell of the ladybug would be softer.  It's just hard plastic.  In addition, you have to be careful how you look at this thing because if you catch it just 'wrong' it shines into your eye.  Not something to put into bed with a child, or at eye level.I feel for this much money, it should do more than show some star shapes on the ceiling.I am going to purchase some glow in the dark plastic stars and attach those to the ceiling.  They won't need batteries or lights replaced.  Will also buy an inexpensive nightlight.
Unless you stick these to glass, they don't work on ANY surface.  All they are is an overpriced kids bowl.  Don't waste your money.
Save your money.  You can heat a bottle faster under hot running tap water or by heating a bowl of water in the microwave and sitting the bottle in it.  This bottle warmer is definitly not a necessary item.  It is expensive and it takes too long to heat a bottle.
It took me forever to put this thing together properly, and it's not good for small doorways, there were so many panels I had to take two off.  It came missing a part which really threw me for a huge loop!!!  It works now, but too many screws come with it, and I would have preferred a gate that did not need to be screwed into the door frame.
Seriously, these things were a waste of money.  They don't stay on the window, and when they do, the sun stills shines on my baby's face... until they sling off the window and whack him in the head.  Yikes.... please save your money and look for something else.  These are crap.
These are ok.  They do what they're supposed to do and they're easier than rinsing the pump accessories for us working moms so no complaints there. They are indeed individually wrapped, which seems like a waste.  What bothered me is that they are marked "unscented" but there is clearly a chemical scent accompanying the wipes.  The instructions say that you can wipe your pump accessories down, let them dry, and they're ready to go.  However, if your accessories are still damp from the wipes, then you need to rinse them off.  I'm guessing this is because of the chemicals they use.  So once the pump accessories dry the chemicals magically go away?  I don't know how this works but I'm not getting them again.  Switching to pacifier wipes, they're cheaper and likely safer.
Due to the good reviews by others, this product might just not be the right fit for my baby. When he is sitted in the position just like the one in the picture, my baby did not look comfortable. His head seem to be tilted back slightly ( so the neck is not supported to be straight). I guess it just didn't work out for us
I bought mine March 9, 2009 and it's August 7, 2009 and it no longer works.  The remote with very fresh batteries will turn the music on, but you have to shut it off manually. The music is annoying so leaving it on after the baby has gone to sleep can drive you nuts.  I did really like it at first though.  It takes some adjusting and it does tend to move around.
Never used this outside the house.  Partly because when we potty trained, I was so excited to get rid of the diaper bag that I didn't want to lug this thing around.  When we tried it at home, we didn't have any major issues, but our daughter just didn't like it.  It didn't seem terribly unstable, and does have little lips to keep it generally in place as long as the kid isn't dancing around on the toilet.
After breastfeeding my son, I decided to use the Playtex Nursers for bottlefeeding.  I thought the bags would be convenient and make clean up easy, plus the bottles are supposed to be like the breast right?  Well, my son got a lot of air with these bottles and did not like the nipples.  Also, I tried both the Playtex bags and Wal-mart brand.  The rim of the Playtex liners is very thin and I had several leaks because the liner shifted as I squeezed the air from it. I tried the Wal-mart brand, which has a sturdier liner rim and did not leak.  However, these cheaper liners are smaller!  If you compare them with the Playtex (both the 4 oz and 8 oz), the Wal-mart liners are smaller in circumference and will not hold as much.  I absolutely could not get the 4 oz liners to hold 4 oz or the 8 oz liners to hold 8 oz.Also, if you need to sit the bottle down for a minute, the air comes right back in the liner and you have to squeeze it out again before you can resume feeding.  I thought these bottles were a lot of trouble and aggravation.  I would rather scrub regular bottles.
So apparently, the new ones don't have arms, which is a plus. But I have the old kind that does have arms, so that's what I'm reviewing.First of all, the highchair feels very cheap. I'm not quick to say that about things, but with this, it's true. The tray is a pain to get off and put on. I thought I'd use this as a booster, but I can't, because the arms don't let it slide under the table. The only plus is that the fabric is easy to take off and wash, and it's held up very well.I'm about to get my son an actual booster seat, so I will be storing this at my dad's house for when we visit. Honestly, with the next baby, I will probably just get a regular high chair.
Do you hate your kids? No? Then don't buy this sheet set. These sheets are so rough. No amount of washing or dousing in fabric softer can cure it! I mean, I get chapped hands  from folding them....plus:They shrinkThey are very thinThey fade in washingGreat concept, but very poor execution.
I am sorry I bought this tub.  It is very uncomfortable for my daughter.  Used it since she was about 3 weeks old.  I have to place a towel behind her head b/c the hard plastic is at such a sharp angle it's uncomfortable.  Also, there is a part where she got her foot stuck and she screamed with pain!  It's way too small.  She's now 4.5 mos and I'm throwing it away b/c she is practically flipping out of it.  And the plug is waaaaay too hard to plug -  it's an enormous effort to plug it each time.I've switched to the First Years infant to toddler tub and it is way bigger, nicer, more comfortable, and it has no areas to pinch fingers or toes.
I have wasted so much milk using this drop-ins system.  I bought a box of the 4 ounce and a box of the 8 ounce liners, and in both boxes there have been multiple liners with holes in them and my milk has ended up all over my counter.  Any pumping mother knows that it is perfectly reasonable to cry over spilled breast milk, and believe me, I've done that many times.  I've tried to be good about pouring in just a little bit of milk so that if there is a hole, I'll only waste a little bit.  But, come on, I'm sleep deprived, and stressed and sometimes I forget, and I end up with 6 ounces of milk on my kitchen counter, and I shouldn't have to check like that for a product I've paid for.  No good.Out of a box of 100 liners, I would say about 1/4-1/3 have holes in them or leak.  That's quite a lot; we're not talking one or two here.  Unfortunately, I've invested in Playtex bottles and Playtex nipples, so now I have to spend even more money buying a whole new bottle feeding system because I cannot afford to spill breast milk every fourth time I go to fill up a bottle.  I'm extremely disappointed at having wasted so much money on this system and so much time pumping milk just to pour it on the kitchen counter.  I would NOT recommend.
i suppose this seat is better than layering tons of toilet paper on a toilet bowl.  this folding seat may be appealing to little ones because it comes decorated with familiar characters (e.g., sesame street, dora, etc). but there is nothing to hold it in place on a toilet seat.  my twins can't relax enough to 'go' while sitting on it because the hinges are flimsy so the seat feels like it's about to give way under them.  they're small (27lb) 2yos, so i can't imagine what would happen if they weighed more.  save your money and get a more stable travel potty seat!
The velcro that attaches to the mattress does keep the sheets snug, but getting the sheet off requires some force and can pull too [...] the seams of the bed. I don't trust that no damage is going to occur.I bought the expensive organic sheet from Arm's Reach for the mini co-sleeper, and I like it because the velcro does not attach.  Maybe that's a flaw, but it is so much easier to get on and off (and avoid damaging the bed), and it's plenty snug. Plus, no pesticides used with it.
My son is 6 months old and can barely reach the floor.  He is normal height and weight, but has a longer upper body (like me!)  I bought this thinking that since you can adjust the height, it would work.  The lowest setting is still slightly too high.  Not impressed.  Kinda boring.  Maybe we can start using it in a few weeks, but for now, I wish I had bought something else.
I thought I was getting a good deal on an extra base. Turns out that this base is compatible with the Snugride Infant (4-22 lbs) seat ONLY. It will not fit any other Snugride seat. The product description doesn't make this clear, nor does the packaging or instructions. Check the Graco website to see which base you need for your seat- it looks like all of the other bases and seats are interchangeable, but not this one.
Yes, it does technically sit on elongated toilet seats HOWEVER the elongated part of the toilet seat is exposed because the Helper seat has to scoot back to rest in place properly. That means your kid can rest their hands on the regular toilet seat and of course they will. If they do not, their legs and underwear dangle there on top of the toilet seat. I don't need toilet seat germs on my kids.Also, I really hate that the seat itself has no handle. The part that rests on the dirty toilet seat has to be touched in order to lift the seat itself onto your regular toilet seat. When it's resting off the toilet, the seat hinges down so if you are constantly moving this Helper on and off the toilet, you are touching toilet seat germs by lifting up the toddler seat to place it on the regular seat.Finally, while the ladder has been stable, I don't understand how a kid is supposed to take down their pants, step up onto the ladder, and then gingerly turn their body around to sit on the Helper. I think having a wide step at the bottom where a kid can actually turn themselves around with underwear and pants around their ankles is far safer. So that's what I will be buying along with a potty seat with handles!
Although these wipes are convienent and work well between cleanings while at work, or on the go, they are not economical whatsoever!  I found that using pacifier wipes is a much better alternative.
Had it not fallen apart after one wash, this would have been the perfect mattress pad.  It never even made it into the dryer.  What a waste of money.
The basin on these spoons is so shallow that you can hardly get any food on them.  It is a mess waiting to happen.  Save your money and don't buy these.  I use them for one thing and that is decoration of my son's spoon cup.  They are lively and bright little spoons and much shorter than his others so they make a great decoration.  I think that saying a spoon's best use is as a decoration says it all.
I ordered these a size too big since the last ones ordered were regular sized and WAY too small.  These are still a little two small and are really tight around my sons legs and he is a little skinny guy.  Maybe it is just the nature of these reusable diapers so that they keep poop in but they leave such a deep indention I'm not comfortable leaving them on him.
I bought these cups based on the reviews here. My daughter was just weaned and I wanted to try a bunch of cups to figure out which were best. I had to teach her with a different brand straw cup, but she can now use these cups fine. She still leaks a bit from it, so if you want something leak proof, this is not cup for you.Edit: I am changing my review after getting tired of having my daughter pull the straw out and spill stuff on the floor. Buy a nuby or munchkin.
1. It was not the same as the photo, but I was too lazy to contact Amazon about it.2. Baby only likes it slightly.
My husband and I originally tried the Avent bottles after several recommendations from previous users and after doing some research on our own. However, we switched to Dr. Brown's when our son began suffering from gas and nipple confusion, since I am nursing. We can't express how much we LOVE the Dr. Brown's bottles. Our son's gas IMMEDIATELY disappeared and he no longer suffered from nipple confusion. The Avent nipples are TOO HARD for a breastfed baby. Dr. Brown's bottles are the BEST BOTTLES ON THE MARKET! Pass on these...don't believe the hoopla.
Eh, it does the job on my UB Vista, but it's clearly not meant for it.  I would try something else first, like the Skip Hop or Britax organizers.
I had the traditional Diaper Champ model for my last baby and loved it. After reading all the negative reviews about the new Diaper Champ Deluxe (too small, tips over, etc) I was ecstatic to see this listing which showed an image of the old model Diaper Champ. I happily purchased it only to receive in the mail a Diaper Champ Deluxe (IT IS NOT WHAT IS PICTURED IN THE  LISTING! It is much smaller, the hole is more toward the front and it has a different handle). Disappointed!
But it is truly terrible. I didn't even get to use it because the lid does not stay on! It keeps opening and the wipes start to dry out. Pointless, really. Just buy a different one.
I was lured by all the positive reviews to get this &#34;all purpose blanket&#34;, but I would hardly call it all purpose.  First, it appears that the bottom would be a heavier plastic type of material, and I thought the top would be a weather/stain resistant material.  Its not material, its like a thin version of a shower curtain plastic.  It smells like chemicals (PBA, PVC?) and is super super slippery.  I laid it out at home, and fell.  My toddler was walking and slid on it and fell.  Was it because we were barefoot?  But I wouldn't be walking with shoes when I'm picnic'ing either!  All in all, a poor quality product.  I wonder where everyone else uses theirs that they don't have the same slippery results I do.
We bought these to make the Co-Sleeper taller if we decided to use it next to our bed.  We weren't sure if we wanted to keep it in our daughter's nursery or in our room.  In the end, they were kind of a waste because we ended up just keeping her in the nursery.  However, I wanted to review them because I also wasn't happy with the stability of the Co-Sleeper when we made it taller with these.  It seemed a bit shaky, and my husband and I were uncomfortable with it.  Overall, wish we had saved the money.
My son also rips these right off the table.  He is almost 11 months old so hopefully he will do better with them when he is older (fortunately I only bought the 20 pack).  This is a great idea in theory but for my curious son it is not practical.  I am back to using my antibacterial wipes to clean the table off which is the only effective method that I have found so far.Update: I have recently found two alternatives of this same concept that have worked out well.  The local Dollar Tree sells their own version of table toppers that cling quite well (pack of 8 for $1) and the Hippopatamus brand that Target sells that have great educational themes of ABCS and numbers 1-10.  These wrap around the edge of the table and cover more area than the previously reviewed brand.
Really wish we would have just gone to ikea for this price point (i am positive it would have been less annoying) or spent more (you get what you pay for). The assembly process was highly frustrating. My husband and I did it together. We are not especially handy or not handy, just average, but we can certainly follow directions. Too bad these directions were useless. I don't care what condescending reviewers claiming it's easy to assemble have to say, but this took us five very painful hours to put together. The drill holes are misaligned in some cases, which causes functionality issues. After much hair-pulling, we assembled the darn thing. The cabinet door is misaligned thanks to messed up drill holes for the cabinet door hinges. The wood quality is inferior, but the primary drawback is the assembly and the misalignment. You are way better off at ikea, seriously. We have been using it for three months now and we're sticking to it because the drawers turned out okay, and that's its primary use anyway. And yes, look at the dimensions. The drawers are indeed shallow, but it works fine for baby clothes. Still, definitely Not recommended. Go to ikea or spend more.
I'm an organization freak, so naturally I tried this out for bath toys to be able to drip dry.  I'd give this 0 stars if I could.  The suction cups do not stick to anything in a bathroom that's tile.  Unless you want to hang it in the tub itself (which is then totally in the way) the don't stick.  I tried everywhere and in all my bathrooms and other surfaces and it just doens't work.  But hey if you want to drill holes somewhere and hang with screws then it should do the trick.  I'd send it back, but it would cost more to ship it than I paid for it in the first place.
This is supposed to save time instead of changing out the sheet, but I found it took just as long to change this as it does to change the actual sheet.  You have to reach all around the crib to do (or undo) all the snaps, which is aggravating and somewhat difficult depending on the placement of your crib.  Compared to just lifting up the mattress and quickly pulling off the sheet and putting a new one on, I think this might actually take longer.
I don't like to leave negative reviews, but I was so bummed to use this and not get a great result.  Also, the wood on the frame is so crappy that the back was cracked in two places when I opened the box!  The &#34;clay&#34; looking material is a foamy type of material and is always malleable (stays gooey even when dried) and it is quite difficult to get a good impression when you pull your baby's hand or foot away.  It sticks to the skin, so it takes quite a few tries, which can be frustrating with a newborn.  I loved the idea of this product but it is quite cheap, and i'd rather splurge for something else.  Wish there was something else out there...
this is just a waste of money. it's nice and worked for a few minutes but it doesn't stay in place like many of the reviewers mentioned. i should've listened to the negative reviews and saved my money. no matter what you do it will not stay in the position you want it to. and although it's a big mirror, it's only big enough for only one person to see the baby if for any reason there is a driver and someone on the passenger seat.
I registered for this pump because I planned to only pump on rare occasions, so I thought it would be silly to spend the money for an electric pump... Big Mistake. This manual pump takes much longer to assemble, has more parts to clean and reassemble, and pumps significantly less milk than the Medela DoubleEase I replaced it with. Granted, there is a big difference in price, but when you're only getting 2 hours sleep at a time, the laundry is piling up, you haven't had time to go to the store or prepare dinner, and you haven't even had the energy to bathe yourself (welcome to motherhood), it seems worth the extra money to me to have a pump I can assemble in less than 10 seconds, get 4 oz. of milk in 5 minutes, and still have one arm free to hold baby.
put the velcro up, put the wedge onto it and found that with just a little directed force, the wedge would pop right off. if you open the door slowly and deliberately it does stop the door from opening. not sure the velcro is wide or thick enough.
This thing annoys me so much.  I came on Amazon to find a different brand.  The velcro is incredibly weak.  I can not fill the thing up with diapers b/c it can't handle the weight.  It is very sloppy looking.  It's made of fabric and sags all over.  This thing looks nothing like the picture.  I do not recommend.
Considering sending this back as there is no solid/flat bottom for the bottles to stand up. Since I use Dr. Brown's bottles, I was happy that they would fit in here, but if they fall over, they leak so I don't think this is the right bag for us. If you were using wide neck bottles (that don't leak when tipping over), then I think it would be fine.
We were looking for something for our son when he out grew his little baby tub and thought this would be great b/c he could sit up. The seat itself is a bit slippery so we had to put something on it first so he wouldn't slide (washcloth will do). He loved that he was able to sit and splash in his new tub seat. However we found it very difficult for just one of us to get him in it. It ended up that both of us would have to be present to get him in the seat. One holds him while the other worked his legs into the seat. It also was hard to wash his privates as he was sitting on his bottom and you can't just lift him to wash it and his front privates were to squashy to get to. We ended up washing his privates on his changing table before puting him in the bath and that was just becoming too ridiculous. We have since bought a mini blow up bath (Babies R' Us or Target) and he loves it and it is easy to wash him and no troubles. However it was much easier to control and felt safer with him being secure in the tub seat....
I love the thoughtfulness of this product as it keeps the carrier clean.  However, after using it for the first time, I realize that my baby's cheeks turned black!  It was so hard to get the black stuff off of his face. I even use baby oil in attempt to get the black stuff out.  The bib is quite expensive so I am disappointed with the quality.
When you think of a rattle you think of that annoying noise...right? Well you are not gonna hear that here. As it is a great product it should have been put together better. The foot &#34;rattle&#34; kept falling off and he got really bored of this product after 2 days. There must be something better then these.
This item is serviceable and probably something you could buy to use to basically get ruined without stressing about it.  The Wendy Bellisimo changing pad covers are only $2 more and much better quality fabric.  The terry used for these is very cheap and scratchy, like an old towel.  I am using them but am not fussed on how long they last or what happens to them, I won't be buying any more though.  Carter's also makes lap pads that are great for use over the changing pad.  You don't strictly speaking need a cover, it's easier if you don't use one.  I never used covers with DD and never had a problem.
Well, I was expecting to get 5 in one for price of one... had to return the item.... Flimsy construction and music and vibration do not work, moreover, all fabrics is 100 polyester, smells like factory and it is not possible to remove for washing...
We HAD a Diaper Genie, it's a total waste of money and plastic. The Diaper Genie was so hard to use and didn't do anything to stop odors. My son's room smelled as if we threw the dirty diapers in an open garbage. And the fact that you have to buy their "special bags" added insult to injury.We replaced it with THE FIRST YEARS CLEAN AIR DIAPER DISPOSAL SYSTEM. It's so much more effective and easy to use than the Diaper Genie, and you use your own tall kitchen garbage bags.The greatest thing about The First Years Clean Air Systen is that it can store about 6-7 days of my son's diapers without NO yucky odors. WOW!! We love this product so much. Our son's room smells clean with no poopy odors, and we save money by using our own tall kitchen bags. It's also very easy to change--no confusing bag twisting.STAY AWAY FROM THE DIAPER GENIE. You'll just end up having to replace it because your baby's room will stink terribly.
this toy smells aweful! i cleaned it couple times, but the smell still stays, in fact - every time i clean it with water (with a little soap or without) it smell worse. finally i just decided to wash it under water really well, thinking it might help - nope, the smell is still there.my son loves the noise it makes when you swist it though, so that's the only way we use it.
I gave it to him when he was 1 month.... he did not even notice it. Tried again every month. Finally he noticed it when he was 4 months and was annoyed by it. At six months, he rips it out and throws it away. :(
First one we got, cane NIP with paint coming off the horns. I exchanged it, second one is okay. I contacted the company who said that it's totally normal, and that with normal use the paint will peel off and be eaten by baby....which is safe since it's based in mineral oil.....not crazy about my baby eating paint! My son loves it, so I'm just watching the second one for peeling paint.
Very rough sheets, was disappointed. Cute but it was hard for me to use them because I wouldn't even want to sleep on them!
I can understand the premise and I like the premise.However, I just don't believe that these bibs are comfortable for baby.While they are not hard, they are not soft.The Oxo Tot Roll Up bib has a truly soft front with a catch for whatever doesn't make it into baby's mouth.  It also has a flat velcro closure as opposed to Babybjorn's plastic snap closure.Babybjorn can be cleaned off easier, while Oxo would need to be washed when truly soiled.But...Oxo can be rolled up for travel.
the cloth is thin and not good quality. not worth the money. i was hoping something much better with this price
Purchased 2 of these for small grand children - not impressed.  If the cost to return the item wouldn't have been so much I would have returned them immediately.  They can be used with much effort but the securing device is too low on the babies to be safe.
I purchased this for my newborn expected to arrive next week and spot tested it on my hand and my husband's... My husband reported a burning sensation and after washing my hands twice I can still smell the extremely strong floral fragrance. I'll be using virgin coconut oil to moisturize my little one. This purchase is going back ASAP!
I bought this to take out the guess work and hassle of warming bottles, but it is not working for me. I try to set it so that I can turn it on, go change the baby then it would be ready. This method works occasionally but I get inconsistent results. Whenever the light turns off, the milk is still cold and I have to let it sit for another few minutes to finish warming. If I wait too long it's too hot, so I have to stand there and wait for it. Occasionally when I warm a bottle it somehow seems to boil the milk out if it. Don't know if the top of the bottle was loose or what but I'm finding it easier to just go back to sitting bottles in hot water from the tap. Very disappointed.
I have three of the Munchkin Fresh Food FeedersMunchkin 2 Pack Fresh Food Feeder, Colors May Varythat I purchased to use when our first baby started asking to eat solids (there were no silicone versions at the time). They worked beautifully, but were a bear to get clean. The fabric mesh holds food particulate in the seams that was nigh impossible to remove completely.Enter the Clevafeed.Clevamama ClevafeedI love the silicone bag of the Clevafeed! This eliminates the food-buildup issue of the older style and is so easy to clean and sanitize. The silicone bag is also completely removable so that every little nook can be completely cleaned. Awesome! The original concept that allows and encourages babies to start trying solid foods in an improved and easy to clean design. I will buy more of these!Thanks for reading, I hope this review was helpful!
The item came dirty which is weird considering that I purchased it brand new.  And it is very very flimsy. I can't stand ending u with cheap stuff.
I agree with the other reviewers, the "HOT" warning shows up even in tepid water temperatures.  It's a great toy for my baby, she loves to play with the duck and chew on the bill while having her bath, but as a safety gauge, it's pretty worthless.
When breastfeeding, these are highly recomended. The problem with a breastfeeding mom is, they do not fit standard US breast pumps. So basicly you have to pump into one bottle, then transfer into this one (this causes a problem for those of us who don't produce quite enough milk --- every drop that is lost in transfer is crutial). Then you are faced with the leaking problem. The directions say to wet the rim to prevent leaking. Well, sometimes that works and sometimes it dosen't. Again, I am reminded of how delicate every drop of milk was. Sometimes these bottles will taunt you. I would test the bottle before giving it to baby... then after I was convinced it wouldn't leak... baby would begin to suck and would instantly be drownded! And there you are, wasted milk, and a hungry baby who is drenched, and really mad by the time you get another bottle ready and her clothes changed!!! The day I stopped breast feeding I switched to playtex vent aire, which only leak once in a blue moon, if you dont put it together right.
I inherited a Baby Bjorn from a relative for my newborn. The Bjorn seems small and simple to use, but it's narrow crotch support puts too much pressure on my baby's crotch area (and she's only 10 lbs). Her crotch is always red with white blanched markings after each time she's carried in it. The rampant return of blood to that area had me fooled that she had diaper rash! I also didn't like that you couldn't just pull up that backing to hold your child to you like the Boba, Beco, Ergo, Lillebaby, heck like most other carriers. You had to snap the backing into straps on your chest which made for a less snug hold of your newborn to your chest.  The chest straps also often fall away from your body making the hold even less snug and wind up scissoring my child's face in between the two straps.  Often it's impossible to try to put your squirming child's leg into the half attached bjorn and then lift your whole child to attach the other side of the carrier.  And the attachment of the back straps to the carrier body at the crotch area seems very unsafe as the slightest pressure on the inserts cause them to slide out of the attachment mechanism. If that should fail your child would slide right down out of the carrier. I'm on the hunt for another better designed carrier.
I am going to compare this to 2 other options: Baby Kicks Baby Wipes and Gerber Baby Wash Cloths.I had recently started cloth diapering and received both the Babykicks and the Osocozy wipes as gifts. The Osocozy are so thin in comparison. They feel flimsy and if you are dealing with a poopy diaper they do nothing to help "grab" what's there. In comparison, the BabyKicks are thicker and sturdier and allow me to easily take care of messy diapers even though they are just as soft as the Osocozy wipes. I also picked up a pack of regular Gerber baby wash cloths and found them to be superior to the Osocozy as well! They are not as soft as the Baby Kicks, but they are certainly just as good at "grabbing" the poop off my little ones rear.UPDATE: I finally figured out why Osocozy wipes are a hit.  My product review was based on my experience with my 1 year old.  Now that I have a newborn, I am totally a fan of these Osocozy wipes.  They are all that's needed to clean a little one's bum when they aren't eating any solids and are still just having breastmilk.  The Babykicks and Gerber washcloths are a bit overkill for a newborn; too much bulk gets in the way when you are on diaper change duty.  This is not the case with Osocozy wipes.  They are just the right size and perfectly adequate for any newborn diaper change.
This toy doesn't stay together well. After a couple of uses the base gets flimsy after folding it up and the bar flops either back or forward, causing the toys to be out of reach and out of vision. This toy ois designed for a child who is ready to track and grab, but the toys are out of reach. I had to buy longer toys to get my child interested in it enough to try to reach for the others, but he would freak out when the bar flopped out of useable reach. I replaced it with the fisher price aquarium wonders model. This one is WAY better for the extra $10. It has 2 bars, one for kicking, or just reverse the baby when he gets bored. Plus it has a great tummy time set up and way more durable.
But my seven month old daughter HATES it. She gets so overheated, and it's only November. I cannot imagine using this in hot weather. I finally just found a 100 percent cotton long sleeve bib from Etsy. This won't be used. What a waste of $30 dollars.
While it looks like it would be a great color, it's poorly made (thread count must be super low) and when it comes out of the drier, it has "balls" collected over it which also makes the sheet not-so-soft.  Go for the white!  I have a couple of white pack 'n play sheets and they are holding up much better!!
This is a good idea, but for a little kid, it's a little complicated.  My son doesn't like that he get's his hand stuck in there between the wedges (and he's 1), and then trying to get it out, he dumps cheerios all over.  Good thought, but I think it needs to be redesigned.
I thought this insert was a great idea, but it seemed to scare my 10-month old. She cried hysterically the second I put her in it the first time. The second time she cried the entire time despite my taking the time to show it to her and let her touch it, etc, before getting into the tub. same thing on night 3, so I returned it. Granted, this is just our experience, but I will say that I think part of the issue was she couldn't splash in it. As others have said, despite the manufacturers image, this tub doesn't really fill up with water - it pretty much soaks back through to the main tub. Also, I did rinse it off and hang it to dry, and after three uses it already had that 'sour' smell.
We bought this several times at a baby store and had to toss them all out. It didn't stick and would pop up in spots after a while, even though we followed the directions each time...
Me and my 3 babies have tried out 3 playmats (Precious Planet and Rainforest 1-2-3 Musical Gym) and this is the least favorite.I don't like it because quite honestly, it's ugly.  Certainly not something I liked having in my living room.  We actually have some of the other Rainforest products and they are much more attractive.More importantly, the bars are flimsy and don't stay in place.  After only a few minutes the bars lean to one side or the other (despite being held together at the top) and the entire set-up looks like a very large person sat on it.I thought this would be a great mat because there are lights at the top where the bars connect. My son seemed to like this and the music, but I couldn't stand having to fix the bars every ten minutes.Most of the toys that come along with this seem cheap and uninteresting to my babies. (As opposed to the Precious Planet Playmat, which came with higher-quality toys). I ended up tossing them and using other toys to hang.We had this in our house for barely a month before I gave it away. We'll stick with the Precious Planet Playmat.
I heard so many good things about these bottles, and after no success with the also praised Avent system, I switched to Dr. Brown's. I had no luck with this product, either, and there were more parts to clean with this feeding system. My 2-month-old son spits up even more after feeding (sometimes twice) with the Dr. Brown bottles. I have not noticed any less gas, either, and the nipples flow way too fast for him, even though I purchased the smallest size. I'm glad this product has worked for others, but for me, it was an expensive and failed experiment.
It'd be great if it wasn't so easy to tear off. The Velcro straps that hold toys doesn't do a great job of holding toys either. My ten month old rips this off the rail and rips the toys off the Velcro. Snap buttons might work better.
This was really not what I expected. I have it away rather than returning it. I wanted something that would deflate and take up little space. I was also concerned about mold build up in a sponge this big. I definitely would not recommend this item.
Very cute but does not come close to fitting.  Read the description carefully as it will not go over a spout with shower pull.
This bib is not soft enough and  after a couple of trips with it my son's cheeks were bright red from friction. What I do, I use it as a cover for the carrier, so I do not have to wash the carrier itslef, but I also use a big Aden and Anais bamboo burpy bib between it and my baby's chin and cheeks for softness. This combination works wonders for us and even if the burpy bib gets soiled and is removed for a little while I am replacing it, my baby carrier is still protected from drooling and milk.
Honestly I bought this as a back up pump to use for emergencies and I hate it! It is the worst pump I have ever used! You would be better off getting a manual pump. It took me about 45 minutes to pump 3 oz. I would honestly not recommend this pump to anyone. I think they are a great company and I LOVE their bottles but this pump is horrible. There is a reason why it it $27, instead of the $100+ they originally valued it at!!
This thing is such a joke.  You put just a few things on it and it can't hold it's own weight,  it easily collapses and loses its form. Save your money.
We didn't have this toy for long because it would not clip onto anything. I bought initially for the carseat on the road, (can't have the bar up while driving) but it wouldn't clip on to the carseat. It also didn't clip on to his bassinet. There was no point in having this toy, so we returned the item.As other people said it would collapse easily.Instead I use the Lamaze: Link Along Friends. I clip those to the hood of the carseat while driving. He loves to play with those toys.
I carefully evaluate product reviews on just about everything I buy! Against my better judgment, I went ahead and purchased this product despite the negative reviews I read out of desperation to safely co-sleep with my newborn!This product is NOT a good everyday option for parents who co-sleep on a nightly basis! It is made for smaller babies as it is not long enough to grow with your baby, and will not be useful for more than a month or so unless your baby is on the smaller side of average.Also, the sheet is a pain to wash! I had to purchase a lingerie mesh bag in order to wash this, because there Velcro strips on the sheet that will literally stick to everything in the wash! Also, you cannot use regular bassinet type or smaller sheets, as this is the only sheet that will snuggly fit this product.In addition, the mattress pad is VERY noisy and flat. My baby woke up every time he moved due to the noise. Also, it just seems uncomfortable and not very firm like most baby sleep pads or mattresses. I understand that the product is made to be flimsy in order to fold for travel purposes, so just beware if this is a product you are purchasing as an everything thing!I ultimately kept the item because we travel, and it works for just an overnight stay in a hotel. My baby still doesn't sleep the best on it, but it's better than putting him in the hotel bed with us.
Horrible design! I should've listened to the other reviews. It will stay on my daughters Graco stroller as long as she doesn't touch it! The music hippo is cute and the toys catch her attention but bad design overall.
I ended up returning this product because it stopped working after the 2nd use.  The first couple it seemed to work great but didn't suck as well as an electric.  The customer service at Medela is excellent.
One year later it's trash.  As heavy as it is and as expensive as it is you'd think it would have lasted longer.  It took way too long to put together.  Do yourself a favor and find an Ashley dealer.  You'll pay the same during a regular 50% off sale and it won't fall apart.
These new cups are awful. We had a couple of them from late 2012 that were awesome.  The lids were easy to screw on and they never leaked.  Then Playtex redesigned the lid and now they are really hard to get closed, sometimes hard to open, and they leak if you don't get them exactly right.  I just got done clearing out the shelves of my local pharmacies at 8:30 at night trying to find the old style (Yay, got 3!) because we put our son to bed tonight with a cup of ice water and he woke up 20 minutes later because he was lying in a freezing cold puddle.  His cup was apparently not screwed together properly and it leaked all over his bed.  I do not appreciate changing sheets for no reason.  This is not the first time we've had the cups leak on us.  I will use the old style until he chews the spouts to death, which is what happened to our old set, and then I will find another brand.  I'm not sure what the point of the redesign was since the old style was perfect.  Please bring back the old style!!!!
I found this to be a huge waste of money. The bags were difficult to put in and the larger the diapers the harder to twist them in the pail. The worst part was the odor. It smelled disgusting no matter what I did to eliminate it. I finally threw it away and for my newest baby I bought a Diaper Champ which I love and find to be a cheaper, better option.
I bought these Taggies soft blocks thinking that they were going to be "soft" blocks that would at least hold the shape of a "block".  They do not hold there shape AT ALL!  They squish down into whatever shape... and then never "Pop" back (even if you try to re-shape them).  I would not recommend these blocks.  We bought them for our son because he loves this one "Sassy" foam block that he has.  These blocks did not even entice him.  He does play with them ocassionally because they have fun things sewn onto them, but he is mostly not interested...
This is not sage. It is mint green. Very pastel and kinda girly. I have a boy and it doesn't match with anything in his room because it is not sage. Other than that, it's fine.
I know it's inexpensive, and maybe it passes industrial tests as suitable for kids - but it's nothing I want my kid sitting in.
Let me start by saying that I don't leak a ton and I got a free box of these. That being said, even for free I don't want to use these. They sound (yes sound) horrible as they're crinkly. If I leaked more I'd be really concerned because I just don't see how these would hold up. When I push them aside to nurse they ball up and I can't really reuse them. I like the avent so much better (softer, not crinkly, absorbent and actually hold up). I wouldn't spend the $ on these ever even if they were the only option.
I used this when my son was just born but it made the wipes too moist.  I'd have to dry him off before I put a diaper on or it would cause diaper rash.  I ended up switching to just a regular wipe holder and it's much better.
This doesn't work for Swing model either. I box says it works for all models except TWO...it doesn't mention that it doesn't work for the swing model, but it doesn't. LUckily, I only needed the valve and membrane and was able to use part of the item (just paid too much)
I have only been using this diaper pail for 7 weeks, and I hate it. I have two boys in diapers - one about to turn 2, the other 7 weeks old. The pail is so tiny, I have to change the bag daily. When it gets more than half full, the top won't close, letting out all the poop odors. Because the second inner door flap goes inwards, it prevents you from being able to fill a bag completely because it runs into the diapers. This also causes that inner door flap to get a little gross. The pail is insanely expensive, as are the refills. I have started using my own bags, but they are a pain to put in and take out. I really expected more and am very disappointed! I'm glad this was a gift - I won't feel TOO bad when I toss it!
I have a particularly small child.  She was 6 lbs at birth but completely healthy.  I purchased this item in hopes to get some relief for my sore nipples.  The product is bigger than a bottle nipple.  It's to wide and sticks out to far.  It gagged her so she would not use it.  I'm sure it probably works for some people but I had a Medela Nipple shield with my first child that covered all of the areola and was a better fit.  This one is bulky.  I may have ordered the wrong size so I would say contact a lactation consultant or your hospital's doula for help.  The one I used that worked (4 years ago) was given to me in the hospital.  I had to order this one online since we are military and stationed overseas.  I did like that the baby gets more skin to skin contact with this item...so if your child isn't a petite little one...they may like it.
I guess I didn't read the specs on this one.  Really small ball.  My one year old boys can't find half the time. Dont think I would buy again.
this product had a Velcro strap. if your child falls it could be dangerous. get a better product with a buckle
This bassinet is useful for a newborn, as we could take our baby from room to room, but I wish the mattress was sturdier. You can see the dent in our baby's head makes daily. What's worse is that when the bassinet basket is placed on the stand, as in the pictures, the mattress and frame dip in the middle. It's built w/o a sturdy bottom so that it can be converted into a seat for older babies and is a major construction flaw, in my opinion. It helps to place the bassinet basket on a flat surface like the couch or floor, but then we can't wheel it it around.
It's funny how many people have positively reviewed this. Yes, it's very convenient, easy to use, and fits well. What it doesn't actually do is effectively COVER the plugs! It's trivial for a small child to fit their entire hand in the rather large opening. In fact, I just plugged something in without having to remove the cover. If I can fit my hand in there, so can a child. And it doesn't even begin to protect against a child sticking a metal object in there. This product is, in a word, worthless.I recommend getting one of the power strips that has sliding covers on each of the individual outlets, or simply placing standard child-proof covers on the outlets of your existing power strip. But please don't use this product and think you are adequately protecting your child from shocks.
