I got this bib to use at my daughter's 1st birthday party. It worked like a charm. The cake stayed on the bib and not her. :) I also have the regular sized bibs from this company. All their bibs are great and wipe or wash well! Worth the money cause they last unlike the others.
I've tried 3 brands of the sliding switch plates.  These are the best.  Our son pulled out the other types of outlet plugs.  So we needed something more secure.  Ours came with screws that were longer than typical outlet cover screws.  They need to be longer since these covers are not as flat as regular outlet covers.  Other reviewers had issues with the screws for some reason.  These covers are large enough to cover any paint imperfections on the wall...they hit the wall in exactly the same place as a standard cover (not oversized cover).  And once tightened, they do not warp or bow out in any way.  Other brands did that to where our son could grab and pull on the corners of the cover and pull it.  These do not do that.  They lay flat and tight on our walls.
I love this crib but I'm just a little annoyed that it arrived cracked in the back. I didn't send it back but it really is an eyesore.
My daughter loves her sleep sacks.  She was swaddled for almost six months and then we transitioned to the sleep sack.  It took a few nights, but she finally got it - and now she loves it.  In addition, we live in a colder climate and do not heat the house above 62 degrees at night, so combined with a little heater, this sleep sack does the trick.I have tried Aiden and Anais as well as Grobag.  I find neither to compare to the functionality, the longevity and the simplicity of the HALO.  We have this sleep sack in fleece as well as cotton, depending on the temperature.  We have not even gotten the early walker yet and this works just fine.  Ultimately, when we put her in the sleep sack, it's time for bed and there will be no more walking anyway, so this works just fine for us!Highly recommend.
We love our sleep sacks. Our daughter's room gets very cold (we live in MA), but this and some fuzzy footsie pj's, and a thick blanket guarantee she's warm all night.
My daughter loves her Sophie- she can not have enough of her!Great quality teether. She has a lot of teethers but this is the ONE!
I love this crib. Not only was it a fantastic prize on Amazon, it came fast, went together easily and looks just beautiful in our nursery. The Cherry wood is gorgeous - exactly what we were hoping for. In the picture it looks a lot more red than it is. In person it's more of a rich, deep brown with red highlights. I couldn't be happier with it and how it transformed the room. Also something great to note is that it is a recommended best buy on Consumer Reports. That makes it an even better steal.
If your baby is due in the fall or winter, you must get this.  It is so much easier than trying to wrap them in a blanket and buckle them into the car seat.  It is very easy to get into the car seat and once it's in, you don't need to mess with it again (except to zip your baby up!).  Since you don't have to bundle them up entirely, we used it until the weather got in the mid-60's and just didn't zip it up.
It works.  Holds up well over time.  Keeps the kiddo out of the toilet.  Only issue is it is difficult to easily clean.
I just love these cups. My grandson loves them as much as my children did. Bath, play chewing it works all day long!
My baby is 9 months old. He can't walk, but thinks he can and refuses to do anything else. My back was killing me to walk with him around the house while holding his little hands. This product is amazing. I just follow my baby around the house and allow him to explore it. The product holds him really well, even when he stumbles and falls, I can lift him up using the handles of the wings. My parents who are close to 70 are especially grateful and take the kid for a walk outside in the wings. I honestly don't understand why would some reviewers say that it's a waste of money. My whole family LOVES it!
I didn't have one of these with my first baby, and I was so insecure nursing in public, or when we had guests.  With this cover, I felt comfortable nursing even in the middle of the mall.  Nobody ever even knew what was going on beneath the cover until I told them.  If you are unsure about nursing in front of others, this will give the confidence you need, since it's so private.  The boning in the top really does allow you to see your baby, and leaves your hands free for holding and positioning your baby.  This is my favorite gift for new moms too.  It washes well, and the fabric is top quality.  I had the Kimono print, and got lots of compliments.  I also love that it's gender neutral.  I wouldn't hesitate to say that this may be one of the best baby products ever invented!
This item has been a life saver for me!  Not only does my child love it but it's the only thing I can distract him with while dressing him (he apparently HATES putting sweaters on). I can hit one of the sides and instantly get flashing lights and music while I try to squeeze a sweater over my child's head. My child loves it because it's easy for him to hit and acheive the same flashing lights and music.  The music is good and there are a lot of different choices.
The Door Guardian is a great product for keeping little ones inside a home. We have one installed on our front door and it is very effective and easy to use. So how is this different than a standard flip lock, which may cost around 1/4 the price of the Door Guardian?We have several  of these standard locks and will use them when lock certainty is less important. First a standard flip lock uses shorter screws, limiting the security of the attachment to the door jam. Sure you could buy extra screws for the flip lock, but that is an extra step and does costs extra (still nowhere near the Door Guardian cost). Two, the Door Guardian is made with much more robust steel - I can't speak to the steel quality, but the lock has substantially more metal, which I must assume adds to the stability of the device. Third the closure mechanism is more solid. I have found standard flip locks can be rattled out of position is the door has enough play.Beyond security, the Door Guardian offers better aesthetics than a standard flip lock. Also the Door Guardian seems less likely to cause damage to the door that is being locked. Additionally, the Door Guardian can be used with door frames that flare out (where the wood thickness increases as you move away from the door). This is due to the fact that a standard flip lock needs to open to about 270 degrees (or to parallel to the wall - or in the opposite position to closed when mounted). The Door Guardian has an angle built into the device that allows it to sit on these angled frames. If you are confused by this explanation, please Google "Door Guardian installation instructions", find a PDF instruction manual, and look at figure 2B. I have been unable to attach a standard flip lock on these types of door frames without damaging the frame (becuase the frame prevents the lock from opening all the way). The last thing I would say about the Door Guardian is that it has a very easy one-handed operation. Standard flip locks are very easy to use as well, but I have found the Door Guardian a little bit easier to operate.Installation requires a 1/8" inch drill bit for the two larger screws. If your door does not have enough space for the screw plate, which is 1/16" inch, you may have to chisel off some material from the door frame to recess the screw plate. A short explanation of this: pencil the boarder of the screw plate on the door frame; remove the screw plate and use a chisel and hammer to create a 1/16" inch groove along the inside of the boarder that you penciled in; chisel in a grid of grooves in the inside of the boarder; and chisel away the interior of the grooved area moving from the boarder groove inward until all the material is gone. The grooves will prevent splintering and removal of excess door frame.
My son hates tummy time and until I got this item he would cry from the moment I put him down for tummy time until I picked him up.  It was really a struggle for me to encourage tummy time when he disliked it so badly.  This item has improved the quality and enjoyment for my son.  He now rolls over to his tummy on his own to play with the mat.  The product is simple to use and effective.
My daughter is two months old and I just discovered these great bottles. I was a die-hard Avent user. I used them with my older daughter, now 7, and used them with my baby born in March. While the Avent system is good, I love the presterilized drop-in disposable liners. Now I have minimal clean up and I only have to sterilize the nipples, rings and tops!!! This is such a great find. I have completely replaced all of our Avent bottles with the Playtex Nursers. The drop-in refills are very inexpensive and are more than worth the money in the time it saves.
Purchased for my sister's young daughter who is starting to eat some solids and is sitting up well enough to use this. My sister is often on the go and is often going to or hosting family get togethers. This is nice to have because its easy to take with her where ever she goes and the tray topper is convenient to keep her highchair clean until its time to serve food. There are several of my friends and family members who have this product for their little ones because they are just so dang convenient!
I have tried many pads before settling on these. I just ordered 2 packs. They are soft, the lanolin treatment does make a difference and they hold leaking quite well!
Loved using this. Great for using in booths at restaurants, packing in your suitcase for trips, very happy with this item. Best $50 you can spend with a child.
For the price, and the time it takes to "mill" my baby's food, this product by far gets 5 stars. I take a small portion of our freshly cooked food, and run it thru the mill. 2 minutes later I have baby food for my child. It can't get any easier than that! AND ON TOP OF IT ALL, I know exactly what's in my baby's food!
I had a different baby tub before this because I thought this was too expensive. But my baby outgrew the one first one I bought so I ended up buying this one and I wished I bought this one in the first place!The tub is large so it holds more water. My baby loves playing in it! The newborn side of the tub is awesome. It prevents my baby from sliding.The toddler side is great too! My son enjoys sitting up and playing with his floaty toys.Don't be intimidated by the size. I have a narrow tub and was worried it wouldn't fit in it, but it fit perfectly!
We loved this toy when we got it.  Great addition to our lamaze developmental toy collection.  It squeaks, crinkles and plays music.
Has worked very well on a variety of toilets, and my son prefers having it when we're out so it makes it more likely that he'll tell me he needs to go, which is great.
I borrowed a &#34;my brest friend&#34; and a Boppy from a friend and I by far loved this one the best. The Boppy came in handy as my daughter got older (though I could still use My Brest Friend just as easily) but when she was little the Boppy would not sit high enough for me to comfortably have her nursing. I love that My Brest Friend attaches to you so it does not slide down. It is very comfortable and the cover is easy to wash. It is firmer than the Boppy so holds its shape better making a more comfortable platform for your baby to nurse from. You can also strap it more towards your side and do a football hold. I recommend this to all Breastfeeding moms!
This product seems great.  You can use it for every purpose which involves your baby.  We have them in different sizes for the Crib, bassinett, playard, and just extra changing pads for middle of the night changes and carry around pad.  They absorb great and wash with no problems.  I tumble dry low, that way they keep their shape longer.  Take them everywhere and dont have to worry about laying your little one on hard cold surfaces when diaper changing.  Very affordable and worth every penny.  I highly recommend to every parent.
This bath is a lifesaver, it fits over our sink beautifully and is really sturdy and a great design, well worth the money and very pleased with it.  I'm not really fussed about the plug as I didn't buy the bath to tell me when the water was too hot or not, any mother will know and check the temp of water before putting her baby in, and although you may seem wary once you're there doing it you'll know what I mean!  So for me whether the plug changes color or not is no biggie, I am always making sure the temp is fine anyway.
My son is obsessed with this teether!! He was first more fascinated with spinning the bottom part and chewing on that but after 4 months of having it, he has now switched and loves the rubber/vibrating part. I don't know what I would do without this one, I think it is a must have! Not only a teether but a toy as well :)
Love this sleepsack for my daughter. She always kicks her blankets off and this is perfect to keep her covered. I put her in a long sleeve onesie with the Halo sack. I will order a fleece one for the winter!
O.k., yes it is thin, it is not the softest out there, but it does the job. To add comfort I have a waterproof pad under it which I think is a must in playards anyways because it is not easy to clean the matress pad they come with.I have had no problems with bleeding, and I wash it very often and it has held up fine.
I bought this after purchasing after being out during the holidays shopping and not having anywhere to heat her bottle while at the mall. This thing is great. I can be anywhere and heat her bottle. It compact and works fast. I don't leave the home without it.
These are so lightweight yet waterproof. REALLY easy to clean up and they dry quickly. The little pocket catches the drips. Love the velcro side closure (always seems to irritate our little one's neck when it's in the back). I saw them at Babies R Us but the cost more. Really great item!
When I am home, I use the Born Free bottles. When I travel, I use the playtex disposable bottles. Makes for easy packing and cleaning.
I think the starting point of the product is good, but I'm afraid the child after eating, the net is not easy to clean
The diaper champ is a no brainer to use, and wonderful because it uses regular trash bags.  We had the Diaper Genie with our daughter, and this is so much easier to put diapers in and change the bags.  Even our 7 year old daughter can use it.  I empty it every 4 days with a 3 month old and only use it for pee diapers.  We have placed poop diapers in it, and I have to agree with alot of other people, I can smell them.  I can't imagine putting diapers from an older child in it.  We do use deoderizer bags, and pee diapers do not have any odor until it gets full.  Despite the Diaper Genie containing smells better, I would choose the Champ because it is so easy to use, and so easy to change.  I don't mind throwing the poop diapers in the outdoor garbage.
After being unhappy with the baby bath tub we had, I came onto Amazon to find a bathtub with good reviews. This tub is fantastic! We didn't use the newborn insert, but it looks like it will work great for the next kid. The two sides to the tub are perfect- up until my son was able to sit up he reclined comfortably. We were able to place this tub securely in the kitchen sink so we weren't breaking our backs to bathe him. He loves bath time! Now he is 5 months and sitting with minor support, and due to the notch in the bottom of the tub he can sit up without easily falling forward. He splashes until he wears himself out, and then it is time for bed! It's a great tub!
I had this with my daughter, and it was very well made and did help, but I still felt like I was bending over to much to feed my baby. I gave it 4 stars because it could have been my fault with why it didnt work well for me. This time around I am using the best friend , the one that wraps around you so you can move and walk. A little more practical now that I have a toddler to run after!
Works great for my little one. He is quite the squirmer and it keeps him on the table while I'm changing his diaper.
My child is 4 months and 15lbs. She is very comfortable in this crib. We have four people who have to share this 2 bedroom house, 1000sf so my child has to live in the living room. This small crib makes it easy to move from room to room and clears all doorways. I don't use the rocking function as you can only do wheels or rocking and not both at the same time
These bottles worked great for us.We started out with the Avent bottlesand our baby developed colic for about two weeks-switching to Dr. Brown's bottles really helped.The colic stopped within the week and we have notlooked back.  The only negative thing thatwe have experienced with these bottles has been that theyhave leaked at times. As long as you are careful how you place the top filtration piece- it should be fine.
This Play Yard is exactly what I was looking for to cordon off a large portion of a room as a play area for our crawling 7mo.  It's sturdy and colorful.  It's much larger than I anticipated, I ordered the extension with it and didn't end up needing it, but it's really the perfect size for a spoiled little rug rat.
Although we bought it last July 2012, we just set it up this month for our growing baby. Her cradle was the same color, so the transition to the new crib was easy.Set-up: My husband started it and was having a difficult time matching the right washers and pegs, etc and he was using a drill. The wood is very "sensitive" and gets scratched easily. (We just used a magic marker to cover those minor scratches). Nothing is perfect. Since hubby was tired and then got sick, and I had been waiting for the crib to be ready to use for weeks, I finally took over while he and baby slept. I used a small hand tool (as recommended in one of the instruction papers) and was able to finish it after a total of two hours.Overall, we are very pleased with this product. We love how it looks and how sturdy it is. Hopefully it will last us a while for our future little ones...And our daughter loves how spacious her crib is (compared to her itty bitty cradle!).
We bought this stroller frame to use with the Snugride 35 car seat for our new grandchild. While the combination does result in a working stroller, it is not for everyone, particularly people who live in big cities and spend most of their time walking rather than driving. Here is what you need to consider.1. My daughter lives in Manhattan and uses the Bugaboo Cameleon stroller (I have reviewed it on Amazon) which is an amazing luxury stroller that easily navigates any surface and absorbs the bumps. By contrast, this stroller frame is very bare bones, every little bump is felt, and it is simply not as easy to steer and maneuver as the Bugaboo. Therefore, it is not a good choice as the primary stroller if you live in a big city.2. However, my daughter also owns this stroller, which she uses when she goes visiting by car because unlike the Bugaboo, it folds and unfolds in seconds, is very easy to put in the car, and takes up little room. She also uses it for restaurants in the city that will permit strollers only if they are folded up. In short, she does not do a lot of walking around with this stroller.3. If you live in the suburbs where people drive rather than walk to most places, this stroller frame is great because it is so quick and easy to transport and set up. If you don't do a lot of walking with it, then it is satisfactory. However, if you are going to do lots of walking, keep in mind that your child will feel every little bump (which is not harmful, but may be enough to wake up a sleeping infant). And you yourself will have a little more difficulty than with other strollers in maneuvering uneven sidewalks, curbs, and paths in a park. Snow and ice will be even more difficult.Bottom line: For city use, I recommend this only as a secondary stroller for travel out of the city or for trips to local restaurants or stores that require folders to be folded. For suburban use, I recommend this if easy transportation and  easy setup are important, and you confine most of your walking to smooth streets and sidewalks and park paths, and don't plan to use this outside when it is snowy or icy.While the Bugaboo Cameleon is a luxury model, this stroller is the economy model, which may be all that you need. Just consider where and how you are going to use the stroller before making your purchase decision. Also, there are lots of models in between the Bugaboo and this model to be considered if you want to avoid the expense and travel inconvenience of the Bugaboo, but want something that is not so barebones as this stroller.For our needs in the suburbs, this stroller works fine because it is just to take our grandchild to a local park that has smooth walking paths, or to walk around our neighborhood that has smooth sidewalks, or to go in the car to local stores and restaurants. In short, we are not going to do lots of walking around, and minimal walking on bumpy, uneven, snowy, or icy surfaces.
You can't choose the bugs that come, but they are all pretty cute. I wish the rattle was louder, the noise isn't what attracts my baby's attention. I love how easy they are to put on his wrist. However, the sock ones are a bit harder to put on the feet since they are straight and not shaped like a normal sock. It's fun because they look like little watches on the wrist.I love them because I can put them on and I don't have to worry about the safety of them if I'm not watching while I'm driving. They are a very safe toy
Love these bottles! I'm primarily breast feeding but, when I have to use bottles, these work great. Very little (if any) air gets to baby & baby seems to have no trouble transitioning between these bottles & natural nipples.  They do have a few pieces but, are easy to disassemble, clean up easily in the dishwasher & reassemble very quickly. Very durable & no leaks while drinking (although I have noticed that they will leak sometimes if they're in the diaper bag & it gets turned upside down).  Highly recommend!
No fuss, no muss.  It's basically a trash can.  It's no Diaper Decor but it absolutely does the job.  I also like that it has a little compartment on the lid for you to put a deodorizer disc.
This is not the cutest mobile, but I think that from a babies point of view it will be perfect.  I love that it can be changed around to offer baby a different view and that it can be raised as baby gains strength and height.  My only criticism is that the plastic arm holding it up could be sturdier.
This is a great product. It made my life so much easier. I used a 6-gate kit with 2 extra, and I think you really need those to get good space- those two extra really expand the area. I used mine in a big rectangle in a corner, so maybe that made mine sturdier, but I never had any issues with kids getting out or pushing it around. I put all the baby toys in there, keeping the rest of my house neater. I wish I would have had this with my previous kids because it really helped me out when I am too busy to watch everything a baby is sticking in their mouth. My kids never liked a tiny playpen, but these are much roomier. I highly recommend getting this!
this is a wonderful changing pad.  i appreciate the contours because it does seem to make the baby more comfortable and secure.  i highly recommend it!!
We're expecting a baby boy this October, and I've been looking for a nightlight for him - then I stumbled upon this Lady Bug nightlight and ordered it on a whim based on the reviews and the fact that I loved having colorful dim lights in my room as child.The lady bug arrived about 2 months ago, and my husband and I have claimed it as our own! We love falling asleep cuddled up and dozing off to the starry bedroom ceiling every night, and will be getting one of the turtles for our little boy so he gets the same enjoyment.Definitely a good, relaxing buy, no matter your age!
I recently purchased this crib soother for my nine month-old son - mainly because I thought it was adorable - but he started laughing when we tried it in the store.  The friendly monkey and red tree frog sway in the rainforest tree tops while the fish bobs up and down in the pool "filled" by the shimmering waterfall (only the pool has actual water).  The soother also offers a variety of music selections which includes combinations of rainforest melodies (sounds like wooden flutes), lullabies, and/or nature sounds (crickets, frogs, birds).  Three switches on the top of the soother allow the user to select music type, volume, and light/motion combinations.  I have only had this product for a week, so I am unsure how quickly it uses batteries.Although this soother has only an on/off bird that the child can activate and therefore isn't as interactive as the Fisher Price Aquarium Soother, it is still calming and captivating.  I was concerned that it wouldn't fit my thick-railed convertible crib since I had trouble with the Aquarium Soother, but this one has longer straps and barely fit on the side rails.My only suggestion would be to have a volume selection wheel instead of a switch; the switch has only three settings in addition to off, and sometimes the quietest is too quiet but the next setting is too loud.Overall, I am very pleased with this purchase and am confident that my son (and I) will continue to enjoy this product for quite a while.  I only wish the Rainforest line of Fisher Price products was out before my son was born!
This is a great gate.  Very sturdy and easy to open.  I will definitely get another one if I need one for my other rooms!
Great design--we haven't actually used it yet, but I like how it fits on the toilet seat.  It seems like it would fit any seat.  We were trying to introduce our baby to potties really early, but have been lazy about it.  We also have the other Bjorn toilet and she doesn't mind sitting on that one.  But we can use it on the changing table, so it's easier for us. She's 8 months.
My daughter loves to be carried and rocked all the time, without this carrier I can't do anything.  I love it.  I can do things around the house, or walk around the yard.  She is still facing toward me, but she's big enough to see over the side edge so she loves to look around as we walk.  It's easy to use.  I can put her in and out with no problems even when she falls asleep.  It's comfortable too.  I can wear it for a long time with no problems.
To put it simply, this is a necessary item for every home with a baby..-no refill bags (tip--can store extra empty bags inside in the bottom)-easy to empty & clean-no odors-not big & bulky
I received the Snugli as a shower gift and it is a wonderful product.  I like that it is versatile and I will be able to use it not only for my newborn but as she gets older.  My baby likes to be snuggled so this is ideal. I carry her around and can get things done in the home.
Our baby currently co-sleeps with us on our bed, which is memory foam. So we put these rails on our bed. But due to memory foam conforming to shapes... you can't slide the rails underneath the mattress easily unless you lift up the mattress.
This is so worth the money! I purchased a very fancy, expensive stroller for my first child that we used a handful of times. This is all we needed. It's very light weight, so I can easily handle it with one hand in and out of the trunk. It folds up and down with one hand and my foot. It also has two nice size cup holders and a lidded storage area by the handle. The basket under is wonderfully large. It's very fast and easy to put my infant seat in and out. It's a life saver at the airport as well. I really believed I was going to love my super fancy expensive stroller before my kids were born, but this has been the best thing ever. I got it when my daughter was born, and I am still using it for my son.
I loved this potty because of its look and its easy to remove bottom makes for easy cleaning.  My Son has about 4 different potties between ours and Grandmas houses and this is by far the easiest to clean!  However, it leaks all over the floor.  I solved this problem by purchasing an inexpensive (but cute) bath rug.  I clean it every other day by taking it in the shower with me.  The thinner the mat the faster it will dry when hung.Now my three year old likes to sit on the big potty, but with his "boy equipment" its hard for him to hold himself up and hold his equipment down.  I removed the legs from the potty and it clicks right into the toilet seat.  The leaking is no longer a problem!  I would purchase this potty all over again...its worth the hastle.
These bottles have been perfect for us.  We started bottle-feeding out of necessity when our baby was only 6 weeks old, and these bottles have worked perfectly.  They're BPA free, which means we don't have to worry about heating them.  We haven't had any trouble with the nipples, and we're currently using the Stage 2 (3-6 months) size.We love these bottles and their classic design.  And the price is great (BPA-Free plastic bottles often cost $12 each).  If you are bottle-feeding, I would recommend getting at least 12-15 of them so you don't have to wash and sterilize bottles everyday.
These are by far the best bibs I have bought. I love the bumkins bibs. They wash up nice and hold up great. The only negative is if your child pulls at their bibs, they might be able to pull off this kind of bib since it is attached by velcro.
These fit perfectly and we're super easy to put on my seats. I have 4 grandchildren and the backs of my car seats were always dusty with shoe prints. These have eliminated that problem.
I'm not a big stroller user, but this one really is very useful for taking a sleeping baby for a walk after a car ride, etc.I have not had any issues with anything falling apart and pushing it is a breeze so far. It folds up really easily for me.I gave it a 4 instead of a 5 because the storage cloth compartment falls sometimes for me.
My daughter's nickname is &#34;Bean&#34; so I bought this for her - it's not a bean per-se, but was the closest thing I could find :) So cute!!! It's super soft, and the little doll fits perfectly into the pea.The doll is displayed in my daughter's room. She's not really into stuffed dolls so she doesn't play with it much, but it's such a cute little addition to her room :) Would recommend this as a gift for new babies!
We have a 9-month old, and started her on baby food at 6 months. She's not a clean eater by any means, so this bib is nice because when food drops onto it, I can scoop it back up and stick it back in her mouth. With the regular absorbent bibs, it just gets messy.
This bath pad is perfect for bathing a newborn. It dries easily and is convenient to store (there's a hook for you to hang the bath pad). It is thick and soft and feels comfy. I did put this in the washing machine, which I shouldn't have because after that one time machine wash, it started showing wear as if the bath pad has been used for a long time.
I've been using the playtex drop-ins since my daughter was born and she never had much problems with her bottle. No upset stomachs (I think she may have had 2 ever and she is now 19 months old) and spit ups were uncommon. I know it's added cost and waste, but I am not willing to give up the convenience and how well they work for us.
I love these blocks. I bought them for my son as a Christmas present. Although they are higher priced than several other wooden ABC blocks, I bought them because they are American made. They are so fun and whimsical. I'm sure my son will be passing these on to his future children.
I can honestly say I love this bottle warmer because it is very convenient for those in a 2-story house.  We loved being able to keep the bottle cool and save the trip downstairs in the middle of the night.  Even when my son was sleeping through the night we still kept his morning bottle in his room and used this warmer to keep it cool.  But...I was very disappointed that my Dr. Brown's bottles were too wide for the warmer.  The taller Dr. Brown's bottle fit in the warmer but were too tall to fit in the cooler.  I ended up still using the cooler but storing the Dr. Brown's bottles in there without the nipple and cap on so they would fit.  My only suggestion would be to make the warmer wider so all bottles can fit.
This is a nice bath for the money. It fits well in my regular sized sink, which is separated into two sides.  Baby loves splashing around in it and the plug makes it so I don't have to try to empty it when it's full which is great. I also love that it grows with the baby. Great buy.
Daughter did not want to have anything to do with the finger toothbrush.  But she really loves chewing on this one.  The shape is a little bit different so that may be why she finds it interesting.  I just squirt a little bit of toothpaste on the top and bottom and let her gnaw on it for a while, then she will usually let me position it and properly brush.  I've tried introducing the toddler toothbrushes but she keeps coming back to this one.  Would highly recommend.
These bags may only hold 5 oz (they really hold 6 oz) but they do not dump over. You won't be crying over spilled milk if you use these instead of the other brands. These work great in the freezer and I have not had one leak yet. They also thaw out quickly.
I love the way this toy incorporates lots of different feels, and the price was great, I am a fan of the Lamaze brand
My &lt;1 yr daughter received this doll (really more like a stuffed animal) as a gift.  She loves it and takes it with her everywhere.  This toy is easy for a young child to hold, but big enough to hug, too.  Although the tag says to just sponge the surface, I have put this toy in the wash several times and it has come out nicely and air-dried quickly (note that I have only washed the "doll" itself, and not the green "pod", which my daughter doesn't use).  I highly recommend this toy, and would purchase it for others.  For those concerned that the pastel colors of this toy are too girl-oriented, the "Snuggle Pods Peanut" is the same thing but in primary colors that may please parents of both boys anad girls.
This worked great for the first year and was well worth the price.  However, we only ever threw pee diapers in it and took poop diapers outside.  Now after a year, it's starting to get stinky with only pee diapers.  It's also been hot here, which seems to contribute.  I've had friends say that they're fancier, more expensive diaper pails also get stinky after a year or so.
Baby loves this teether. Nice to have something different from all of the other teethers out there. The nice thing is that when she no longer wants it to vibrate, she still has fun the with handle the spins. Great product and it has lasted despite being thrown all around.
It's big, heavy, and doesn't fold up compactly but I love it anyways.  My kids love riding it.  It's perfect for them to just hope on/off quickly when they get tired of walking.
This product has a great womb sound, very clear without obvious loops in the sound.  Only wish it had white noise option as well......
So easy to use and excellent quality. Would be nice to have some other colors but it doesnt matter. there isnt anything I dont like about this bib. They are perfect for 4+ months and babies learning to eat
This booster seat is great! It's compact and fits securely on different types/shapes of chairs. There are two straps to secure it to the chair - one strap buckles under the chair and the other strap buckles behind the chair. I started using this for my son when he was 4 months old; he is now 7 months old. It's compact enough to be convenient to bring to grandma's house or a restaurant, however, it's pretty bulky to fly with.
The smell was potent out of the box and did sort of get stuck in my nose for a few minutes, but once I opened up the blanket there was no problem. I even put it up to my nose and smelled it and it was not the greatest smell but definitely not toxic. I used it at the park the next day and could not smell anything bad from it. Not a big deal!The carrying case is convenient and easy to close. Super easy to fold and no problem getting the Velcro to match up and stay secure.Buuuuuut, the main reason I got it was because the grass at our local park is always really moist. I used it there and inevitably water soaked through the blanket where I was sitting and gotmy pants all wet. Kind of a bummer. I'm not sure if other blankets couldve withstood the wetness of the grass either but who knows.Also, I got the gray/green one but was disappointed at how masculine it looks. Army colorish in real life. Not very gender neutral like I thought it would be. I would've liked the red stripes or bubble one but those were 3-6 weeks delay in shipping and I wanted the blanket for a park event this week.All in all I thnk it will come in handy and will be convenient to use, just not anywhere really damp!
One of the best baby gifts that I received. It is a cute little white noise machine.
We've been using this as a high chair for our kid since he was about 10 months old. He's now 19 months old, and we love this thing. Fits on one of our normal kitchen chairs (so no extra stuff in our kitchen dining area), holds him securely, and cleans up very easy. Just make sure you clean under the seat every so often, quite a lot of stuff ends up between this booster seat and the chair.Additionally, you can just take this thing with you when you go on vacation or even just to a friends house for dinner, very portable and sets up in seconds.
As a lot of other reviews have stated...this bassinet has everything!  I live in an apartment so space saving is crucial.  The only feature that I haven't used on this is the bedside sleeper.  The first week or so my baby slept in our room...I really didn't want or need something so big in my way of getting out of bed every morning.  I got tired of pulling the big thing from my room to the living room...I just didn't like my baby practically sleeping on the floor all day when you use it as a portable bassinet, so I just moved the whole thing into my living room.  I only use it during the day now, but it was still worth buying.  (Plus it gave me a chance for me to get baby used to her crib at night.)  She loves to nap in it & the vibration & the song Fur Elise helps soothe her.  (She actually now perfers that song than the one her mobile plays...not a good thing at night!)  I do use the changing table a lot...it is a little hassle to lift of the top since it is a little bulky...but no biggie for me.  I also use it as a portable bassinet sometimes when she is awake & just wants attention.There are a few minor complaints about this bassinet. One of the most important pieces of material on it (the material on the changing table) isn't removable...so I use the Huggies changing pads on it...they are big enough to cover most of the surface area.  Also the sheet isn't a normal bassinet sheet so its not like you can use any store bought one without cutting out slits to pull the straps through, which isn't a good idea because you will get loose strings.  Oh & the part that goes between the legs that the straps plug in to...sometimes that needs to be washed too..but no, that too is permanently attached.
Easy to assemble out of the box...no brainer!Netting comes out of the hamper for an easy "laundry tote" you can take right with you to carry the laundry to the washing machine. And it looks great w/ just about any decor. Love it!
We've tried three different wipes warmers and this is the best one yet.  We haven't had any brown wipes, they are always moist.  Pampers wipes do work better than Huggies wipes because of the way they are packaged- the pampers wipes are folded into each other so when you pull one out it pulls another out.  The Huggies don't do this and then you have to open up the compartment each time which is aggravating.  Also, you really do have to keep on top of the "pillow"- it dries out and gets brown and hard pretty quickly, about every 4-5 days I've found so you have to remember to keep rewetting it.  The refill pillows are $7 a pack so I try to make them last as long as possible- it's worth it though because there haven't been any brown wipes unlike the other brands I tried.  However, I've been diligent about keeping my pillows wet and I haven't had to open a new pack yet- we've been using the same one for three and a half months.Overall, a great product- the best one I've found so far!
These bags are very nice.  Big and the handles tie nicely, just be sure to double knot.  The only reason why I didn't give it five stars is because the baby powder scent is very strong, a little too strong for me.
These bibs are perfect for our (sometimes) mess eater.  They are a thin plastic so they can be wiped down and reused, unlike the cloth ones we started out with.  The pocket is perfect for the little things that spill like crackers.  The baby has learned to reach in and pull little bits out of the pocket too.  We tried the bigger scoop style plastic bibs but the baby HATED those.  This style is a perfect compromise.  The multiple patterns available are very fun too.
I like having this around for easy bath time readings cause some times you think its fine, turns out its hot.
Love this potty. No messy parts to clean. Rubber feet grab the floor to prevent slipping when the kid sits down. Large bowl with lip for boys is a  nice feature, no more "flippy" to fish out of the potty bowl. Can't say enough great things about this potty! Buy it already!
We tried quite a few bibs before settling on these. Don't let the thinness of these fool you. My 5m old is a running faucet; he's teething like crazy. These bibs get soaked but his clothes underneath stay perfectly dry. I don't mind going through three or so bibs in a day if the clothes aren't changed.
This swing has been a lifesaver, and I LOVE the cradle or swing option, which is great for parents whose babies may like only one or the other (this prevents parents from having to buy a second swing if baby doesn't like the way the first one rocks).  The only complaint--the music plays and the mobile turns for only about 7 minutes, and then you have to hit the reset button.  I don't know about you, but it's a bit annoying to have to go over to the swing all the time to hit the button repeatedly...
I love this pillow. I also have a Boppy, which doesn't work well for nursing. The Boppy is rounded in the middle and isn't very tight (or adjustable), so the baby rolls into me - not helpful when I'm trying to keep him close. Especially early on when most moms are very sore, you don't want the baby to move around too much once he's latched on. It is adjustable with velcro, which is very loud, so don't do it when your baby is right there if he's sensitive to noise. Once the velcro is in the right place, there's a plastic clip so you can get it on and off easily. The only complaint I have is that I had to buy a new cover because the old one shrank after I washed it. I dried it partway (still quite damp) and then hung it up, but it shrank so much that I had to buy a new one. Even with a cover that fits, it's a total pain to get it back on. But other than that, it's a great pillow.
This is a good arch. It has a nice felt feel to it, soft. I had bought Little Einstein arch before, wasnt as good. It actually stays in place when baby pulls on the toys. Though, like with any other product, babies get bored fairly easy:)
My daughter loves this carrier, and so do I. It is extremely easy to use. She loves facing outward to see everything and I love that she loves it!! I hardly use a stroller anywhere because she would rather be in the Bjorn. I would recommend getting the covers (sold separately for about $17) for when they start being carried in the "front" position. Highly recommended from a very picky mom!! FYI - she is 5 months old, and we have used it a ton since birth.
I ama clean freak and ws parnoid from day one about germs and my first child. I live in an area with hard water and boiling things was not reassuring because the water left deposits on our nonstick cookware. I would wash her bottles and things , pop them in here and in the time it took me to finish cleaning the kitchen or toss some clothes in the dryer this would be done. I could leave the bottles in there or take them out and prepare for use while sterilizing pacifiers and other items. I use the Avent system and love this!Now that she is about 7 months I only sterilize once a week but this s so simple I do not regret my choice. Being a nurse I worried about my daughter catching something....this was just reassuring.Great as a gift....
I found the babybjorn helpful. We used it when our daughter was less than three months for trips to the hardware store. She is now older and can face out. I do feel much more comfortable with her facing out, plus she has better head control. My daughter must find it comfortable because she falls asleep in it. Now I can wash dishes with her on my chest. I also love slings but this is much easier to position her in and get her out. It is very user friendly. I took one star away based on the fact that it did not work as well until my daughter had better head control.
We bought a set for the bathtub, and one for the playroom and my little girl really gets a lot of enjoyment out of these.
I LOVE these. I bought the largest size for my chunky 10 month old. They cover him completely and are so easy to wipe clean or throw in the wash. Never a mess or stain on his clothes! When he sits in the high chair though, they are a little long so the pocket does nothing and don't catch food. I'm guessing it will as he grows taller and the bib isn't so long. Even after he doesn't need bibs anymore I plan on using these are like &#34;art&#34; smocks.
We live in Southern California, and have season passes to Disneyland so we definitely needed something that could shade our son better. This fits great on the Chicco Cortina stroller. Its a LITTLE annoying trying to get the shade to stay up though when trying to get the baby in and out of the stroller, but its definitely worth it. It ties on, so it can fit any type of stroller. On the Cortina, it goes down almost to the tray and completely enclosed my son, letting him nap easier since it was dark, and protecting him from the sun. Love the mesh sides as well, it really helps to have that open when its so hot outside. I get so many compliments on this while I'm out!
Out of 3 that we bought, this is the most comfortable one.It's adjustable.  Stors easy and it has a SHOWER!Our daughter loves in it.  The water level is great.  There is plenty of room for her to splash in.
Perfect for my 20 month old, who is approx 26 lbs. Warm and comfortable for my little guy. Great purchase for parents who do not want to use loose blankets in their little one's crib.
This is suppose to latch onto your changing table.  Instead I use it as a car seat toy when we are sitting around or walking in the stroller.  We are not on the table long enough for them to enjoy it there.  Very nice no batteries needed but you do need to wind it up a bunch of times.  If you have a toddler in the house this is a great job for them.
My baby came at 36 weeks so breastfeeding has been more of a long term exercise plan than an instant hit. I got a 24 mm shield from the hospital - didn't work at all, my baby's mouth just couldn't stretch it. The lactation consultant gave us a 20 mm shield with the little cut out for her breathing the day after we ordered this. The 20 mm was definitely a better size. When this Medela one arrived I was disappointed there was no breathing cut out. I left it on the counter for a couple days until miraculously my baby wanted to try breast feeding 2 feedings in a row and the other one was dirty. I actually far prefer this one. The plastic is just a bit thicker which makes it stick to my boob better and not slide off so easily when the baby gets a little flailing in her frustration that my nipple doesn't produce milk quite like the bottle. The second time I used this shield, she fed for 45 minutes in the night and when she was done had a big ole streak of milk down her cheek - clearly she'd gotten something!If the standard 24 mm nipple seems too big for you babe - don't hesitate, order this one. If you're annoyed at how easily your shield slides off, 1st make sure you're applying it correctly (you kind of have to suction your nipple into it and then flick it up), then try out this shield, it's worked much better for me.
We got this for the grandparents house and it is suiting our needs perfectly!  Small enough to be out of the way, easy to clean up, and it is secure for our daughter in a chair.  It is the perfect little seat for the grandparents house without spending much money for something not used every single day.
We absolutely love the EuroBath!  We use it in conjunction with the Safer Bather bath pillow and our 6 month old just loves bath time!  The tub is incredibly well constructed, with a convenient drain at the bottom.  Whether your new baby is lounging on the one side, or your older baby is sitting on the other side, it is a safe, secure and comfortable way to bathe your child.Do not be frightened away from this fantastic tub because of its size.  It is longer than many tubs, but you can use it for a very long time and it stores conveniently right inside your bathroom tub or closet.I HIGHLY recommend this product!
We first liked this chair because we knew we'd be able to use it for awhile.  But at first I thought it was pretty simple compared to some of the other chairs I have.  It vibrates and has the toys above (By the way, the cow doesn't face the correct way.  But this can be easily fixed with a little piece of velcro.)  However, when my daughter started using the chair, it quickly became her favorite.  She's still just 4 mos old, so we usually keep the kickstand in place to keep the chair from rocking.  It worked very well for a first chair for her, because the kickstand makes the chair recline back far enough for babies that can't hold their head up.  For the price, this chair is awesome.  It's simple, but works well.  And it's small enough that we can take it with us to grandma's house.
we bought this to be able to use one car seat between cars. it rarely gets used in the other car because we take baby in the better car, but when needed it adds peace of mind and it fits most car seats even non Graco brands.
The neck hole is too big for my 5-month old as other reviewers have stated so I need to put another bib underneath.  Not a great bib for hot sticky weather but otherwise works well.  The blue fizz design is really cute (cuter in person than it looked online.)  The plastic material isn't like the silky bibs of yore but it's good enough.  It would be nice if it was more breathable and less loud/crinkly - I would have him wear it all the time to catch his spit-up as he still spits up a lot.  Compared to the short-sleeved version of this bib, it's a pain to put on.
Very light weight, flexible, VERY EASY to clean and has a large adjustable Velcro strap on the back  for attachment
This is an awesome product.  My knees used to kill me when bathing my baby.  I would definitely recommend this product.
When my grandson eats with his long sleeve shirts on it can be a challenge to keep them clean.  I usually take the shirt off but now with this bib I don't have too.  It is soft and easy to clean.  I have even washed it in the washing machine.  The pocket catches what he drops.  Love the quality and it will last a few years.
Wow, this is one of my best baby purchases so far! I'm so happy with this baby yard. Right out of the box it was very easy to set up, it was not overly packaged either. Took about 3 to 4 minutes to set up and baby is very happy. Gives a nice piece of mind. I can give baby his crawling time and play time without having to worry about him crawling under my futon or getting into things that I just can't baby proof. It's not too small and not too big. Gives ample play space for baby. Would buy again!
Have a panda and dog and my daughter loves them. They work great are big and easy to see child very well.
My baby is a tough one and she needs to be swaddled to sleep even at 5 months old.  These are great because they keep her warm.  Sometimes too warm so we just put her in a onesie only and put her to bed.
This seat liner is a must for leather seats!  I use it in my Jeep Grand Cherokee and am so glad that a friend told me to buy it!  Easy install and really does protect those expensive leather seats!!
They serve their purpose. I pump directly to my PES wide neck, and I am able to store them in the ref if I will feed them to my baby that day. I can also use this to pump/store when I am out at work.
Of course it is as much fiberboard as they can use. The front of everything that  you see is nice quality and looks great.There was one piece, drawer side left, that was broken. It was easy to call them up and tell them. They are shipping it at no cost. The dresser other than the drawer took me, a 6 month pregnant mommy, 4 hours to put together. The back panels you are supposed to screw into the frame did not line up completely. Screwing into fiberboard or chipboard, whichever it is called made it just split apart and now there are 3 places on the inside of the drawer tower that i have to hot glue back together. They should have came up with a better way to do this. Keep in mind that with any product nowadays unless super high end, is going to have these unfavorable materials.
My son has taken to this just fine when going potty in stores, etc.  It is a very good price for the product.  It takes a minute to figure out the first time you use it, then very, very easy.  I like the bag it comes with for storage, though just a simple plastic bag.  I do worry sometimes that it might collapse, though, which is why I only give 4 stars!
I read a review below that can explain exactly what we experienced. We've had it for 16 months and it has worked wonderful for us. No smells, change it out once a week, easy to clean. Then a diaper snagged this foam material in the head part, so I pulled the rest of the foam out. Big mistake!!! Now it can no loner retain the stinkiness and we're looking for a replacement. Be careful of overloading and never take out that foam piece that is cushioned between pieces. I have figured out that it is key to keeping the stink out.
This has proven to be a stylish and convenient place to keep the bath toys. Happy with this product overall.
This is a good potty seat with a cute design. My son loved it for a while.HOWEVER, don't forget to put the non-slip stickers on the bottom! I forgot... The potty seat slid around on the toilet seat and it scared him. To my dismay, he now soley uses his potty chair.I'm keeping this seat around for the day that he wants to use our actual toilet. It's nicely padded and made for easy cleaning.
The shape of these nipples is perfect for my EBF baby.  I will say that he prefers the latex version to the silicone, so I haven't used these much.  But based on my many trials this shape is the best.
Bought many brushes, this one's the best so far. The pointer at the end is used fr tough to reach spaces (inside head of bottle's nipple). And the bristles on the brush curve to the top of the brush so its easier to clean the bottom of the bottle. Because I'm a germophobe I replace the brush about every 2-3 months (or until I start putting babies dishes in dishwasher). For the price, I don't mind the added cost.
When our baby was 5 months old, I noticed that she really wanted to stand on her own and was getting a little bored being on her back/tummy during playtime.  Since all stationary walkers are a bit pricey, my husband and I decided to take our baby to the store and test out each one by seeing her reaction to the toys.  She immediately loved this one.  Our baby tends to be picky when it comes to toys and loses interest quickly, but she has stayed in her Baby Einstein for about 30 minutes, happily playing with all of the toys.  Here are the best features:*There's a hand puppet which allows me to interact with her while she's playing in there.*It has a mirror, which most 5-8 month old babies seem to love.*There is a toy that makes animal sounds when pressed, and my baby adores hearing the cow, cat, and dog sounds.*One of the toys, where a ball is moved around a stiff wire, seem to help with hand-eye coordination.This exersaucer allows me to cook food, clean, and get a few minutes to myself all while watching my very content baby enjoy herself.  It's well worth the money.
These aren't just &#34;snack catchers&#34;. They are so much more useful than that. These cups are also useful during dinnertime. My kids love noodles, so I put a bunch in these cups (without the lids). I use scissors to cut up the noodles in small pieces. I can either spoon feed my baby or he can grab it himself while I'm holding the cup! Its alot better than him smearing the noodles all over the placemat!Also, I usually fill these with snacks while we're in the car. Keeps food in one place. The handles help so much! So durable, so easy to clean. Rubber on the bottom and handles. So awesome.Everyone should own these or something equivalent.
I use this one my fisher price rock n play sleeper. It's so easy to use and flip up and down when you want to grab the baby. She loves to bat at them.
This was a little difficult for my husband and I to put together but we managed finally.  We have a small living room and it takes up quite a chunk of space.  Its great for putting all baby's toys in one area.  My problem is that my seven month old is now pulling herself up to stand and can push on the walls and move it on the wood floor.  I'm pretty sure she will soon be able to move it a lot further across the room.  The thick play mats underneath have helped keep it in one place for now at least.  I would've liked to see some kind of door on it - a little hard on the back to reach in and get baby out if baby's in the middle.  Yes I realize I could step over it but I have short legs and definitely not as nimble as I used to be.  Would also like it if it came in different colors so it didn't look so much like a dog kennel.
Soft, easy to grab for my 11 m old. He's disabled, so it was nice to find a toy that he could hang onto more easily than others. Soothes his teething gums also. It's one of his favorite toys, if not his favorite.Only problem I have is that the ears look a bit worn, as if someone bought, used and returned it.P.S. DON'T RINSE UNDER WATER. It will stop squeaking. Thankfully After wacking it several times, I got the microscopic amount of water dislodged. It squeaks just fine again. Read instruction manual.
Everyone should buy this!  Such a soothing gift.  My granddaughter liked to just explore with it as well,  Not necessarily just to sooth gums.
Good firm sturdy mattress. I don't have anything to compare it to, but I believe this will last me through 2 or more babies :)
Worked as expected. Easy to place on the pump and bottles.
I'm a foster mom, and I've bought this rattle/clutching toy for two of our babies over the past year. They have both loved it. One is 5 months old and enjoys picking it up, passing it back and forth between her hands, holding it with both hands, and shaking it to make it rattle. Our last baby was 3 months old when I bought this toy, and it remains her absolute favorite. It will make her stop screaming in the car when nothing else will, and she has discovered new ways to play with it as she's grown (she's now 6 months old). I like that HABA (a label of Habermaas) uses wood from sustainable forests and non-toxic, water-based stain.Note: The product description says this toy is suitable for age 6 months and up, but our babies have enjoyed it at 3-5 months. I don't see any way for younger babies to hurt themselves with this toy, although certainly older babies will be able to do more with it.
We bought this when my girls were able to sit up on their own very well, probably around 7-8 months. I had been using a newborn to toddler tub in the kitchen sink which was great but I could only give 1 a bath at a time(leaving 1 of them always unhappy sitting in their high chair) plus they discovered what splashing was and my hardwood floor didn't like that.The perfect solution was this inflatable duck tub. The first time I put this in our tub, filled it up & added daughters, they had a blast! They were laughing and squealing and splashing all over.The sides are a great height for them to hold onto and keep themselves balanced and they are durable as well...even when both my girls lean on the same side it doesn't smoosh down.This has really made bath time easier and more enjoyable for me and especially more enjoyable for them.It only takes me about a minute to blow this up. I don't think the temperature dot works well, I think my girls would freeze if I payed attention to the dot but I always rely on myself to test the water, not any type of gadget anyhow.
My daughter uses the rapid flow during the day, however at almost 6 months we are still using the slow-flow at night, or before naps, when she gets sleepy and too tired to guzzle like she usually does.
I used this a lot when my son was first eating solids. He could sit up, but not straight for too long, so the seat gave him enough support to eat with good posture. Sometimes I still plop him own in it on the kitchen island while preparing food so that he can watch and keep busy with finger foods. I don't know why they have safety straps since they really can't move around while seated. They just annoyed him and got in the way, so I just cut them out. I wouldn't recommend too much time in the seat though. They need time unsupported to build up core muscles.
I bought this crib in cherry for 245$, after reading every review about this and many other cribs and safety reports.My babygril is now 4 months old. she sleeps well in it. She slept in it sinds day one.It's beautiful, very sturdy, came in perfect state..but now it has a few scrates(mostely form a belt).It's easy to setup if you just follow the instructions, my boyfriend did it on his own in about 1 hour, I sat and watched...was 37 weeks pregnant. the cherry collor is just as you see it in the picture.I still have it on the highest mattress level, because my girl cannot situp on her own yet... but sometimes I wished it had a dropside because it gets harder lifting her out of her crib all the time, she's 7 kg now.. but then a dropside is dangerous. it weigh alot, but still is very easy to move arround when you need to clean.so if you like the looks... buy it..it's worth it. good furniture.my girl is now 21 months, still sleeps very well in her crib.I still am very happy with my purches. A great crib.
This is a great training potty for toddlers. It's easy to clean and I like the light color. Very happy!
Graduated my daughter to this tub at about 6 months after she outgrew her infant tub, and we both love it. Sturdy but lightweight, it's perfect!
This works great as a teether for a young baby. Both my kids used them beginning at about five months. They could grip the handle and manipulate it well. They do disappear easily because they are small and the semi-transparent color doesn't stand out against other objects.
We LOVE this mirror and more importantly, our 5 month old son loves this mirror. We've been using it since he was born and it's still going strong. We use it a lot during tummy time, as an incentive for him to roll over and we've also hung it in his crib for playtime. Well worth the money!!!
I ordered one for our new daughter to help her sleep a bit longer and night and I think it did the trick.  The sound machine part stopped working and I contacted the company directly to explain the problem.  Within two days I had a new sound machine piece (separate from the sheep part) delivered and it worked great.  Excellent to have if you're traveling with a new baby!
I got this for my friend.  We already have one for my kid and she loves it (our's is older version with only 4 sounds).  We have been using it since the day she was born, and we still do even though she is 19 months old. He is soft and lovable and my kid often takes the sound box out on her own and cuddles with the toy.Even though we used it every day at least once (sometimes for a nap too) and I often set it to 45 mins, first set of batteries lasted 15 months.
It goes on easy, locks easy, and the two-lever lift for unlocking is easy for an adult, but just complicated enough that a toddler can't quite grasp how the do it. Perfect.
I initially didn't care if we got a baby monitor that had video or not, but after a friend recommended this Summer Infant Day & Night Handheld Color Video Monitor, my husband was convinced that we needed a monitor with video capabilities. And boy, am I GLAD he did! We love this thing. Great video quality both in light and dark. Good battery life. Strong audio pick-up, too. It's also compact and easy to travel with, which we've done on a number of trips already. HIGHLY recommend this product.
These are the best outlet covers. I usually rely upon the kidco brand for reliably well made childprofing items. But the kidco outlet covers didnt work as well for us. This brand was recommended by a professional childproofing company we hired when we moved into a new house and wanted everything installed quickly -- and they were right. E have boughht them ever since.
This is a GREAT pad.  Sure, it's a little small lengthwise once your baby gets bigger than like 6 months.  But usually, all I need is enough room for her head down to her bum, and then her legs go in the air anyway as I change her.  It folds up small and closes easy with velcro.  Easy to use with one hand.  There is no reason to buy the more expensive ones with this out there!
My 18 month old son enjoys sitting on his &#34;potty&#34;.  It seems very comfortable for him, and it is easy to clean.
Decent product for the price. I do notice the lids seem to lose their shape after they go through the diswasher a few times-they still work, it just takes a little extra effort to secure them to the bowl. Overall I'm pleased with the product.
I purchased this to use with our Baby Trend Nursery Center play yard.  The sage green matches perfectly with the play yard's colors (Columbia).  It fits the mattress well, even after washing.  I did let it air dry instead of running it through the dryer.  It's very soft and adds a little cushion to the thin mattress, which is why I chose this sheet.  I had some regular sheets, which work fine, but the mattress is so thin and there are hard bars underneath, I thought it needed a little something extra for baby's comfort.  We don't use the play yard much but the few times we have, baby went right to sleep and seemed comfortable enough.
Great sling!Very comfortable!  Shoulder pad really helps!!CUTE designs!Fantastic company!Completely adjustable for that perfect fit!  I tried other slings without adjustable rings and they just didn't fit correctly (I'm small with a larger bust) and I wasted a lot of money.Love that the tail of this sling is sewn - you don't have to deal with all the extra fabric hanging down.I use mine mainly while traveling - works great if you have your baby in your lap for a flight - I have her in the sling and I feel much better knowing she is secured to me!  Sometimes you have to modify it for this purpose-When I'm seated, I put her in the nursing position on me, in the sling, and the sling is around my waist instead of on one shoulder.  Plus it doubles as a light blanket so less to carry on!  I get the most compliments from flight attendants telling me what a great idea the sling is.I don't leave home without this.  It's small enough to fit in the diaper bag.My daughter loves to be in it, especially the "kangaroo carry".
Based on the reviews, we bought this toy before our daughter was born.  From 1-3 months, she didn't have much use for it.  But, for the last four months, she has really enjoyed this toy giraffe.  It is a small, convenient toy that she can gnaw on and play while on the go.  Also, I like the fact that it is made of natural materials.  Highly recommended!
This is a nice little potty, however I wish it was a little heavier; it's way too easy to push around.
I love this swing 6 months after we got it. At first our son who is now 7 months didn't seem to keen on it, but after a while our fussy baby was only falling asleep in it at night. After about 2 months we put him in his crib and happily transferred great. Once we did the transfer he hated it again, then in the last month its been my nap saver. He has been so fussy with teething that I think it soothes him once again. Don't give up on it if it doesn't work initially because your baby is constantly changing and evolving. As for the product itself, my only complaint is the mobile squeaks and the legs need to be positioned just right so the swing isn't loud. The legs actually need to be sticking out rather than straight. I also believe the added bonus of this particular swing is the power adapter. We haven't wasted money on batteries. Hope that helps.
I love this moose, and more importantly, so does my baby.  I use plastic links to attach it to his carseat, and it keeps him entertained as we drive.  Then I detach it when we get home and he plays with it some more.  He loves to chew on his feet...especially the blue one for some reason...lol
I got this after my girl grew out of her newborn size of the same brand/style. Upstate NY winter is no joke, but this number kept her plenty cozy and warm. It's SUPER soft too. Easy enough to get on and off for midnight diaper changes and holds up well to multiple washes. My daughter HATED being swaddled, I would start her off all wrapped up and by morning she would always have at least 1 arm out of the thing. It's nice to have the option either way. Good price, too!
I had this chair sent to my parents house before a visit with our 6 month old baby thinking it will last a while longer than a regular bouncy seat since she doesn't visit there often.I loved this chair and if I had seen them earlier would have bought one for our house instead of a regular bouncy seat and may still get one when she outgrows the bouncy (it has a vibrating function like the bouncy which has always helped her take naps better).  She really liked it and it was a saver as we used it for a feeding chair, entertainment center with the toys and a napping seat.I love the fact that it can be used up to 40# so she can use it as a rocker for the next couple years.Had a little difficulty reclining or lifting the back with her in it as have to push both buttons at same time as moving the back but was not that big of an issue.Well worth the money!
I love these, they're easy, light, and I don't feel guilty throwing them away if they get yucky. Totally worth it.
I read a lot of reviews about this product when I was considering ordering it and was really concerned about whether it was "completely safe."  I am very sensitive to smells- especially chemical ones.  And I tend to think that if something does have a chemical smell that it is most likely off-gassing something that I really don't want around my daughter.So I contacted Boon to ask them about it.  They replied to my email within less than a day and this is the entire reply, copied and pasted:**************************************************Angie,Thank you for emailing us directly.  We enjoy hearing from our customers.To answer your question about the Boon Bath Goods, the shapes and the scrubbies in the Bath Goods are BpA-free, Phthalate-free, and PVC-free.The following details the materials that our Bath Goods are made of:~ The Bath Goods shapes are made of EVA foam.~ The scrubbies are made of polyethylene.~ The original Bath Goods bath balls are BpA-free and Phthalate-free. They're made out of a type of PVC which has been tested for all of the dangerous phthalates as called out by California and other state laws. Because of consumer concerns about PVC in general, we are now including a different type of bath ball in our new Bath Goods sets.  The new bath ball is BpA-free, Phthalate-free, and PVC-free.  Again, the original bath ball does not contain any phthalates that have been identified as being harmful. The new bath balls included in the Bath Goods sets have a shiny finish, compared to the original Bath Goods balls which have more of a matte finish.If you have the Bath Good set that contains the original bath balls and would like to have the newer version, please email us a photo of your Bath Goods set to verify purchase. We will then send you a set of the new bath balls.Best Regards,Erica***************************************************I was really impressed with this reply and went ahead and ordered the bath set.  My set had absolutely no bad odor whatsoever and I am VERY sensitive to smell.That being said, besides being safe, this is just an excellent product.  We got it because a month ago (at 8 months old) my baby was suddenly terrified of the bath.  We tried bathing her in every conceivable way but she still screamed bloody murder and lifted her feet away from the water like it was filled with sharks.  We decided to try some California Baby bubble bath (another product which i highly recommend) and this bath set at the same time.  It worked perfectly.  Now bath time is my baby's favorite time of the day (and often, mine too because she's so happy!).  She loves to hold a foam shape in each hand and use them to pop the bubbles, hit the balls and splash the water.  She also loves the balls- we've reserved one as a non-bath toy and it's one of her favorite toys- sometimes it's the simplest things!!  And I love that the set comes with 2 scrubbies that are non-toxic.  We use one to wash her up (and it's the perfect size) and she loves to play with the other one and watch the water drip off of it when she hold it up.  I like that I don't have to worry about her putting any of the things in her mouth (and she puts them all in her mouth) because they are safe and non-toxic.I cannot recommend this bath set or this company enough!!
Love it! I don't have to worry about pinched fingers anymore. We put it in top if the door and you don't even notice it's there.
This item is awesome. My baby would not sleep for more than 2 hours in a stretch, but the first night I used this, he slept for 4 hours straight. No matter how well I swaddled him with receiving blankets, he would wiggle his way out. There's no way of getting out of this one. My son outgrew his small once, so I've ordered a larger one. The only thing is, the small one I Had was in fleece, and my baby is a warm baby so he would get hot. So in the warmer months, I had to dress him in only a diaper shirt to prevent him from sweating. I ordered the larger one in the cotton version.
My daughter suffered with serious colic during her first three months.  These bottles saved the day.  They really do work, and trust me, it is worth it to spend a little more time cleaning the bottle for the peaceful tranquility that you will have because your newborn isn't up screaming with stomach pains.  Granted, not all babies need this, but my daughter certainly did.  Once you get into the habit of cleaning them, it's no big deal.  Plus, once your baby gets ready for cereal, the Dr. Brown's Y-cut nipples are wonderful.  I don't know if they sell them online, but I get them at the local BRU store.  These bottles are a little expensive, but I would have paid twice the price for the relief that these bottles gave my daughter.
We got this chair for our stubborn 2 year old who is very picky about which potty she will use. She feels like a big girl using this one and I love that you don't have to clean out a potty afterward, maybe just wipe down the seat. BUT, I don't feel secure with her using it by herself. She has a hard time turning around on it once she climbs up and it is a little wobbly. I think the concept is great I just wish it was something she and I both felt more secure with. It makes it a lot easier for cleaning her afterward to because she can stand up so I can see better instead of having her lean over. I would get it again, just wish it had a few improvements like something that attached to the toilet itself or made it more stable.
We have a king-sized bed and bought this to co-sleep with our first. We also used it with our second and it's still in our attic waiting to be used with the 3rd baby coming soon!The breathable sides are reassuring since every parent of a newborn worries about smothering/entrapment. The foot wedge at the bottom is GREAT because babies scoot around so much. We had them in the bed without the sleeper a few times (can't remember why) and to our surprise the baby would scoot about halfway down the mattress under the covers during the night. Scary! The Snuggle Nest does not have the foot wedge which would make it fairly useless in my opinion.The night light comes in very handy because it's not super bright but gives you enough light to care for the baby or check on the baby. I love that it folds up so we can take it with us to friend's houses or on trips when the baby is small.Now your baby WILL outgrow this when they are old enough to start pushing up or moving around, which is fine because at that point I don't believe co-sleeping is safe anymore since they can get under the covers and suffocate or roll off the bed! It's just a convenient product to have for those first few months. :)
My baby girl was full-term.  She is a slow eater and with the stage one nipple the milk was constantly spilling out of the sides and bottom of her mouth.  I couldn't find these preemie nipples in ANY of the local stores and I needed them right away.  I paid extra for next day delivery and so glad I did...worth it! Now she has no problems.  :)  (BTW, I first tried "Playtex Vent-Aire", as recommended by my lactation consultant, and it wasn't noticeably slower to me.)
Bought this when we were going on vacation and renting a house. We knew the place wouldn't have a highchair or booster, so we bought this. It packs small and light and does the job. My son was 13 months when we first used it. We keep it in our car for times we might need it now.
This is a very useful set for a new mother.  I love that the bottles are PBA-free, and that the nipples are designed for a nursing baby, to help the baby go between breast and bottle.  These bottles actually vent air in from the bottom as baby drinks, which prevents a vacuum buildup AND prevents air bubbles going in from the nipple through the liquid (which puts bubbles in the liquid which go to baby's tummy and has to be burped out!)  Bottle design has come a long way in 24 years!
I couldn't live without a handle bar console.I admit I put way more than recommended in/on/hung over the console, but it has been ripping on one side and I'm bummed. If only it were made to handle more.
I have 2 of these for my daughter's summer infant changing pad.  They fit perfect and work great.  They are soft and the color is beautiful sage, just as pictured.  There have been some significant accidents on this cover and it always washes up clean, like new. Over 3 months of use and frequent washings and these covers still look new.
I agree with all the good things other reviewers have said about this teether, and I have to add one more thing:  my daughter is now three and a half years old, and she STILL plays with Sophie.  It has transitioned from baby teether to imaginative toy.  Yes, after years of play it looks a little "loved," but it makes no difference to my daughter.  Sophie hangs out with Barbie dolls, helps her cook in the play kitchen, goes on car rides... everything you can think of.  While this may be on the pricey side, especially for a teething toy, NO OTHER TOY has made it from my kid's babyhood into her preschool years like this one has.  Definitely an investment that has paid off for us!
These were easy to install and have already saved our car's back seat from our heavy-spit-up baby.  I also like (as others have mentioned) that it's somewhat thick so that our leather seats aren't getting an indentation from the car seat base.I have never felt that these add any slippage to the car seat.  Our infant seat and now our bigger kid rear-facing care seat have both been installed tightly over these with no give.
This does a good job of containing the smell and you can get less expensive refills to fit it under the brand name "baby trend odor grabber".
We love our rainforest gym, and so does our daughter! The toys are great and I love that they're interchangeable. The music and flashing lights are great to keep baby's attention (now that she's older I usually don't turn them on). The little butterfly mobile at the top doesn't spin automatically, which i think is kind of silly. I can't imagine a baby laying on their back (they're obviously lying down in this) can reach the butterflies and make the bar spin, and I don't wan tot sit there doing it. Other than that small detail, the gym is great!! I'mm be sad when my baby girl gets too big/old to use it, but we'll definitely be puling it out whenever the next baby comes along!
This is an excellent toy. The baby can start "playing" with it from day one. The back of the toy has bold black and white stripes that stimulate a newborn's vision. As the baby gets older and starts reaching for things, the crinkly wings are really fun to play with. Also the dangling tail (?) is really fun to pull. When the baby starts teething, there is a teether inside a pocket on one of the wings for her to chew on, even though the whole toy can be chewed on for teething purposes. My baby likes to chew on the ring hanging from the bottom as well. When baby learns about peek-a-boo, there's a little mirror behind a flap on another one of the wings. Another wing has a squeaky ball that you can press to get the baby's attention when she's crying. Another wing has flaps of different textures on it. The whole body is made up of different textured cloth. the top of the head has antennae that my baby loves to put in her mouth. She also loves to point at its big eyes and say "eyes!". This toy is a life saver. It keeps her busy in a long car ride, especially if I make the firefly "fly" around. I would highly recommend.
This is probably one of the least costly monitors on the market.  Why only 4 stars?  Even for the price, I thought there were a lack of features.  For a few bucks more, you can get one with lights the flash when your baby is crying.
My son is 7 months old...we've been using it since he was approx. 1 month. We used one of those "bear" shaped bath sponges to support him a little when he was tiny, but we're still using this tub and we love it! He's now able to sit up and play in it. I can see we'll be using it for a while! It's a good investment. It is large....you'll need space to store it or in our case we just keep it in the tub in our extra bathroom! You and your baby will love it!
This diaper organizer has a ton of space for diapers and other changing essentials.  It conveniently attaches to the crib or door.  I love the color and elegant look!
Maybe this will be better come warmer weather but the plush sheet set we got for the co sleeper is much nicer so we use that much more often.  Nothing wrong with this and I imagine in the summer this will be used much more but compared to the plush it is just sort of &#34;bleh&#34;
This is a MUST HAVE product for all new moms!!!! The one thing that sets this product apart from the diaper genie is that this product can use regular garbage bags...ANY Garbage bags will fit. The Diaper Genie needs it's own refill bags in order to work and that's just more money that you don't have to spend...This is easy to work and easy to dispose of the dirty diapers....FANTASTIC!
I bought this pump mainly because were always out and about.  I am actually a stay at home mom but this came in handy in MANY ways.  When my daughter was first born she was re-admitted to the hospital at 3 days for jaundice.  I had read that breat milk can increase or worsen jaundice so I pumped to save the milk for when she got out of the hospital.  The ice packs were definatly a plus and so was the cooler bag.  I had frozen just the bag to keep it cooler along with the ice packs and that really helped keep it colder longer.  The bottles that comes with it are ok.  I don't recommend Avent bottles for feeding but for storage they're perfect.  But if you prefer Avent you can just pop a nipple on the bottle and wha-la, ready to feed.  These bottles can go from pump, to fridge/freezer, to warmer, to bottle with not problem.As for the pump, once you get used to assembling it its a breeze.  It's also VERY comfortable to use with or without the &quot;petals&quot;.  I NEVER had a problem with not pumping (or producing) enough milk.  This also came in handy and quickly reduced engorgement for me.  All I had to do was pump for about 5  min on each side and it was instant relief and baby latched on better.I highly recommend this pump for everyone.  It's comfortable, efficient, whisper quiet, and easy to clean and put together.  A must have.
This attaches easily to the crib. The music is very soft and will not disturb anyone in the next room.  The leaves move up and down very slowly and should not frighten the bay.  It is colorful and the animals are easily viewable from below which is where the baby will view from.  The remote is a little sluggish but if you press hard enough and hold it for a second or two, it works.
Along with my bouncer, this swing has kept my son entertained for about 5 months!First of all, you have to know...*  The swing is quite large, and warrents a nice chunk of our den. I can say that it doesnt need a very open area (like the middle of the floor) so thats good.*  The mobile is timed, I wish that we could just push a button and it would go FOREVER until you pressed OFF. My baby does LOVE this part of the swing though.*  For an infant (until my son was about 2 months) the swing went a bit too fast for him, even on the slowest setting. We solved this by using heavy blankets that drag onto the floor.*  You will need a screwdrived to assemble it!*  The swing DOES fold, but this isnt a fold that means lug it around and bring to grandmas! I use the bouncer, and a simpler swing for that... because the O.W isnt built for travel.Now, this is why the swing gets 5 stars...*  My baby LOVES it. If hes a bit fussy, sometimes the saucer doesnt soothe him... The ocean wonders does! He still fits, and the seat is very comfortable. It also got him onto a napping schedual, and its a great place to put baby while you need to eat or something.*  The battery life is suprizingly good, considering most of the toys in the O.W set eat batteries like crazy. I change them every 2 months of constant use.*  The toys are intruiging, and never get old. Its also a great place to bottle feed the baby. The music has a few settings, but all of them are "deal-able" and quiet enough so I can hear the T.V.*  Other than the Jungle Plaid (not enough toys) and the Papasan (too much MONEY!) the Aquarium was the only swing that had the cradle motion as well as the old fashion swing motion. My boy has ALWAYS prefered cradle.All in all this product is fantastic, and is still saving our skins today! I have no idea what we will do when he outgrows it... do they make this swing in adult sizes?
We have a new pup and needed something to separate her from our older dog, as well as confine her to an area, which helps with potty training. It was quick and easy to install, and as much as she jumps on it, it hasn't budged. So, if you're looking for a pet gate, I would definitely recommend this one!
I read many of the reviews for the Diaper Genie as well as the Diaper Champ and I ended up registering for the Diaper Genie II since it was more affordable and both had people complaining about similar things.  I am not disappointed at all with my Diaper Genie II, however, it is the only kind I ever used and I never had the original Diaper Genie with the twist-bags that other reviewers wish they had not taken away.The Diaper Genie II is easy to set up and to use.  You have to push the diaper through a spring loaded opening that locks the diapers in along with the smell.  I never had a diaper squirt out on my hand because of the force of pushing it through the spring-loaded door as others have complained about, but perhaps my daughter just doesn't have extremely soiled diapers due to her age (four months), but I can see that being an issue if you do have heavily soiled diapers.  I change the pail after about ten to twelve diapers and have not had an issue with the smell coming through.  We were just putting them in with our regular trash and THAT was a problem as you got a whiff each and every time you opened the garbage can.  It is much more practical than using your regular garbage can.  Lastly, it is very easy to cut the bags and load in more.I am a bit worried that when she is old enough to walk and get into things she can easily get into the top of the pail, but I doubt she would be strong enough to push through the spring-loaded door.  Overall, I am very happy with the Diaper Genie and it is much more affordable than others that are $40+.
My son LOVES these toys.  Very easy for him to grab, hold on to and get in his mouth.  Thin rings, handles etc...crucial for little tiny hands just learning to hold things.  A great first set of toys.
This is a great mobile. Very pretty, colorful, cute, the music is nice and calming and not too loud since it is supposed to be calming and not exciting. There is a little night light and my little girl loves to stare at it (8 months old). We have an Ikea cot so the frame is quite thin but I can see why this might not fit bulky framed and asymmetrical bed frames. 2 sound options and options to have the mobile turn or not and just to have the music, etc. Well worth the price. I do  not use the remote, I just walk in the room or let it turn off on its own.
My son is 20 months old, and we got these cups well over a year ago. They're still one of his favorite toys!When he was little, we'd build towers out of them, and he'd knock them down. When he was a bit older, he'd yell into them or bang the cups together. Now he can nest and stack them on his own. He puts other things inside them, under them, etc. I love to see all the way he can come up to play with such a simple toy! (I'm really big on toys that don't "do stuff" but encourage kids to use their creativity.)We also use them to teach him about colors ("can you bring mommy the green cup?" etc.), about "big" and "little," etc.
First baby view mirror I have bought, but after reading the reviews I decided to buy. I have had it for one day, and have installed it in my Prius. After a few attempts to fine tune the viewing angles so I could see the road behind me and my baby I found a good position.It secures well to the headrest, but I like that there are multiple ways to secure the mirror.The actual mirror surface is big and the mirror is convex. My 4 day old does look small in the mirror but I can see if she is awake or sleeping.Night time the mirror is useless unless I turn on the rear light, but that is not really necessary.The mirror is cute, fits well, has a method of adjusting the angle, and I can see my child. Therefor I am happy with this purchase.If it magnified it may be better...
This is the BEST baby product we own!  Our son loves riding faced in and out.  It's comfortable to wear and costs little compared to other brands.
So, being a new mom, I looked at all of the reviews on Amazon for baby bathtubs and I thought that if everyone loved the Primo Eurobath, I'd get that one, even though it didn't look so great to me! Well, I should've listened to my instincts, because when I got the tub, it seemed HUGE, but I tried it anyway....and my daughter HATED it! It didn't matter that I kept my hands and arms close to her the whole time, or how I tried to soothe her - she screamed and cried and screeched so much through the FEW baths that I gave her (and seemed genuinely scared) that I ended up giving her sink-side sponge baths for the past 18 months (and, yes, I did try the Primo repeatedly, as recently as several weeks ago)!! I wasn't sure if I'd EVER be able to get her to take a bath, but then I thought that maybe an inflatable tub might be worth a shot, esp if it were somewhat smaller (and would possibly make her feel more supported and secure). Well, when I saw this one, I thought it couldn't be more perfect, because it's cute and would probably help distract her a little bit, especially since it quacks (via an electronic device in the beak)! WITHIN 5 MINUTES OF FIRST LAYING EYES ON THIS TUB, SHE ACTUALLY LET ME PUT HER IN IT (FIRST SITTING ON THE SIDE WITH HER FEET IN THE WATER), AND WITHIN 10 MINUTES SHE WAS IN IT AND ACTUALLY ENJOYING IT!  I also bought her the Crayola floating art desk ($[...]), and she LOVED that! So, between the new ducky tub and her bath crayons, my daughter, who HATED bathtime since she was born, is now happily playing in the bath every night!! DON'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THE PRIMO EUROBATH!! EVEN IF THIS ONE SPRINGS A LEAK FOR SOME REASON (which mine hasn't yet, but I read that in some of the reviews), I'LL JUST BUY ANOTHER ONE IF I CAN'T REPAIR IT! SOOOOO WORTH THE MONEY IF IT GOT MY DAUGHTER TO ENJOY BATHING!
I was given this tub as a shower gift.  I luv it!  I had registered on Babie's R Us' website for a collapsable tub to make storage easier, and someone also gave that to me.  But in reading some reviews on it, some people said it leaked....well back to the store that went (unopened).  I kept this one because I liked the idea of the sling for a newborn and I liked the fact that it has the stopper that is supposed to change color if the water is too hot.  Well my daughter hated taking a bath in the sling.  Each time I put her in it, she looked terrified as if she was going to fall out of it.  Eventually, she started to hang a leg off the sling as if to brace herself (it was kinda funny to see her doing that :).  But I finally decided, enough is enough and started giving her baths without the sling and she now likes to take a bath.  I like the padding for her back and the contoured floor so she won't slip.  Now, I think she really looks forward to taking a bath.  Also, because of my odd shaped kitchen sink, the tub wouldn't fit into it, so I just set this tub up in her room on her changing table with a towel under it.  It works out really great.  I am very pleased with this tub and now, so is Anisa.
We have been using it for 6 months. It still looks great after many washes. And I love the fact that it's made of organic cotton grown in Texas.
I was given a Dr. Brown's bottle as a shower gift and am so glad that I got it!When I stopped breastfeeding I started using 4 oz. Avent bottles for several reasons. First, because I ended up with 8 of them after purchasing other Avent products and second, because the lactation consultant that taught my breastfeeding class recommended them stating they were more like the breast.When I started looking at purchasing larger 8 oz. bottles I remembered that I had received a Dr. Brown's bottle and decided to try it to see if my daughter would take it. The wide-mouth nipples look very similar to the Avent ones. My daughter "smacks" a lot when she nurses and subsequently takes in a lot of air. She spit up often and would sometimes spit up what looked like half her bottle when she had trouble burping. She took the Dr. Brown's bottle instantly and so I decided to buy a few more and switch for a week or two to see if there was any benefit. I'm so glad that I did!Once I got past the fact that the bottle looked as big as my daughter's head (the 8 oz. wide-mouth bottles are very large!), I realized that she was burping much more easily and hardly spitting up at all.I truly believe the benefits of using this bottle outweigh the extra parts you have to clean. After doing some research I discovered that one of the main reasons bottle-fed babies get more ear infections is because of the "vacuum effect" traditional bottles have. As the baby sucks on a traditional bottle they have to gradually suck harder and harder as pressure builds in the bottle. This also creates pressure in their ears which can disturb the fluid balance and cause inner ear problems. The baby also has to frequently break the latch (and the nipple collapses at a certain point of pressure which causes them to unlatch) so that the pressure can equalize in the bottle. This causes them to take in more air. Now, when my daughter is really hungry, she can take practically the whole bottle without ever having to break her latch!I really like the nipples as well. They are much thinner than the Avent ones and mold better to my baby's mouth. I suppose this is because the Avent ones have to be thicker and stronger to resist collapsing under pressure?Others have stated that leaking is a problem. They WILL leak only if:1) you heat them without loosening the top (collar/nipple)2) you travel with them without putting the disk in the top designed to keep them from leakingDon't do these things and you shouldn't have any problems.I definitely recommed you at least try these. I will definitely be purchasing these as shower gifts for new moms! I do recommend the wide-mouth bottles rather than the skinnier ones if your baby has been breast-fed for an easier transition.
We used this tub for our newborn, until he was old enough start pulling himself up to standing, around 8 months old.  At that point, we ditched the infant tub and put him in the regular tub with some toys.We liked this infant tub because it fit nicely in the big tub OR on top of the kitchen sink.  The newborn sling was only useful for those first few baths, until the umbilical cord fell off.I don't think I'd use this for an older infant or a toddler, as it's easy for them to stand up in it because of the sloped bottom, which puts their feet below the level of their butt, and they could lose their balance or tip over the tub.  (Obviously supervision is always a must during baths.)
Used this on a JEEP TWIN UMBRELLA stroller when we went to Disney World. When going to any theme park a sunshade on your stroller is a MUST. Now, because our double umbrella and many others does not have very sturdy canopies, there is really nothing for the sunshade to rest on across the top when you tie the ends down to the stroller. We actually placed the top middle part of the shade OVER the middle handle on the stroller (the jeep double umbrella has 3 handles to push with across the top). By using the center handle as a support this sunshade was awesome. If you have a different double umbrella with better shades (like the McClaren which I think is the one pictured), the shade will be supported by those smaller shades.
I had the DaVinci Kalani Convertible Crib in Espresso all picked out for my baby back when I was still expecting, but couldn't order it cause our place was too small.  My baby is now 9 months old and we were finally able to order it.  The crib took a while to be delivered...the delivery date kept getting changed but we were very pleased when it arrived.  The directions for assembly were a little confusing but my husband was still able to put it together in an hour.  It was delivered with a couple small nicks but nothing too noticable.  It's a gorgeous crib, the finish is very nice and it seems very sturdy (my husband put it through the shake test.)  I was expecting it to scratch and dent really easily from some of the other reviews but so far so good!  We got the MDB Twilight Crib Mattress to go with it and it fits nice and snug.  A baby would have to be super strong to get in between the mattress and the crib.So far we love the crib and our son seems to sleep well in it.  We get a lot of compliments on it. The only thing I'm not sure I like is that you can see all the hardware.  It doesn't come with screw-hole covers.  I might get some...after we convert it to a full bed later on. I can see my baby using it for a good long time. Well worth the price, especially with free shipping from Amazon!
Our daughter loved to sit in it and watch the lights and music play at about one month old. (With the constant play switched on)&#60;br /&#62;At two months she figured out how to kick and make the lights go herself.  She was rewarded by kicking her feet.  I was worried it would be hard to make it work, but even the little kicks make it work.  She had her first laugh in this bouncer.&#60;br /&#62;She is now 4 1/2 months old and still loves to play in it and make the lights and sounds go.&#60;br /&#62;I also love to put her in the bouncer without the toy bar on so she can sit where I can see her and talk to her better.&#60;br /&#62;A must have.
If you are committed to making baby foods, get trays with lids.  I tried using ice cube trays and they were a mess.  These are just so convenient.
I bought these before our trip to Disney.  We had a couple of these that were the Snack Trap brand that we had lost around town (they are probably underfoot at Target somewhere).  I thought those were a little cheap and the plastic lids had turned a yucky color--they just looked dingy.  Anyway, I bought the Munchkin brand and am super happy with them.  They came quickly from Amazon and they are very sturdy.  They also hold lots of goldfish!  A necessity with a toddler!  The handles are nice and wide to fit her chunky hands and they can handle the abuse she dishes out by banging it on every surface she can find.  Great product--highly recommend it!
I have both a Graco Pack N Play (PNP) as well as this co-sleeper.  I bought this to use as a bassinet, as the PNP had a weight limit of 15 lbs, and the bassinet was sinking in the middle like many others report.  This co-sleeper's bassinet has a weight limit of 30 lbs, which means she can sleep in our room a bit longer.  Our baby is 13+ pounds and the mattress is firm and seems to be holding up so far.  The reason why I'm deducting a star is that is was so frustrating to put together, much more so than the PNP.  Setting up and collapsing the PNP is intuitive and a breeze in comparison to this thing.  Not only was it not intutive, but the instructions are mediocre at best.  I'm sure there's a reason for the cover and all that velcro, but holy cow it seems a little more complicated than it has to be.  So I will probably use the PNP for travel and keep this in one place, like in our room or at grandma's when she is a bit older.
Good diaper cloths! Been using it with my first born and now with my 1 month old baby.Will help you prevent diaper rash. Tiring to change everytime the baby wets the cloth though and time consuming to wash but worth it than having problems with diaper rash. It is really hard to use cloth diapers for the whole day so use cloth during day time and then disposable at night for longer sleep.
After extensive research, I finally settled on this potty chair and I am extremely pleased with my purchase.  I, like many other reviewers, was intially put off by the $22 price tag.The problem I have with many baby products today is that companies try to make something a "new concept" by adding bells and whistles or attempting to make things multi-purpose.  Don't get me wrong, I love technology and my daughter has tons of electronic gadgets, but potty chairs should not double as toys.  Nor do I care to have my child using her potty in the future to stand on to reach the sink.This is exactly what a potty should be... a potty and nothing else.  Its ergonomic design and rubber bottom makes it comfortable and stable, even on carpet.  It looks remarkably similar to a real potty because if its smooth, white finish.  When I got it home my 16-month-old daughter immediately knew what it was and wanted to sit on it.  She now loves to sit on the potty and this one appears to be very comfortable for her.In a nutshell, it is simply made, easy to clean and perfect for potty training.
This little item solved two problems:  Introducing oral care/hygiene, and teeting pain.  She loves how this feels on her tender gums and it takes a "beating" with her biting and pulling at the same time to relieve some "new-tooth-pressure."  All the while she is cleaning her teeth and gums.  I like how it easily cleans up, it's durability, and portability- just pop it into the diaper bag to take along with us.  Other reviews spoke of a choking hazard... you must always supervise children with food/objects in their mouth.  That said, perhaps if their baby was having difficulty, the child may have triggered their gag reflex???  Anyway, we love it and am ordering more!!
This is a perfect baby proofing tool.  The strip cover will cover most standard sized power strips.  There is a hole on the side for the power strip to plug into the outlet and a wide opening on top for it to connect to the devices plugged into it.  It is really easy to put together- just snap shut in 3 places.  It is also easy to adjust as there is a button on the side that allows you to slide it between different sizes.  Overall, best power strip cover I've seen.
These bibs are fabulous!  They clean up so fast (wipe them down, or throw them in the washing machine when they get REALLY messy), the pocket helps keep crumbs and liquids off of the kids' laps, and they are more waterproof than our other fabric/cloth bibs.  I wash them in the washing machine a lot - partially because it helps keep them from smelling like old milk, and partially because I'm a busy mom, and they hold up great.  I only wish I'd found them sooner, and had ordered more.  FYI - I'm using them for an 18mo old, but they would work well for 12mo and up.  They might be a bit big for smaller babies.
I got this as a gift at my baby shower.  It's neat, but I don't know how much we'll actually use it. I prefer a regular nightlight, so it pretty much just sits on a shelf.It's cute, though. :)
I have no problem with the HALO sleep sack and my LO loves it.  He will sometimes pull a Houdini and escape his arms but less frequently in the HALO than in the Summers sacks.  They are Well constructed and good quality.  Every baby is different but I highly recommend based on my experience.
I had just finally received this yesterday and I must say that it was totally worth it! My son has been teething for a while and I have been wanting to get this for him since he was born! I finally made the decision and went with it. I am sooooo glad I did, because the smile on his face was worth every penny. He's been gnawing on it non-stop. When it squeaks, he looks at it and smiles, so I guess he likes it. The only thing I am not so keen on was the strong rubber smell at first, but after washing it a few times, the smell wears off. Other than than, Sophie is cute as a button and I'm glad I got her!
I do like these.  My son is still chewing too much for the green spouts--hello, toothmarks! so I got these.  I actually bought them to go in my Klean Kanteen sippy top, and of course they're perfect for that.  I haven't had a leak problem with these yet, and they're soft so they don't hurt DS's mouth if he whacks himself.
I make my own baby food and I got both the freezer trays and the travel dish, so that I can pack food for my little guy to take to daycare.  It worked out great.  The food fits from the freezer trays right into this dish, so every night I popped them out of the trays and into the travel dish and put them in the refrigerator.  They defrosted overnight and my little one had food for daycare the next day.  Having the spoon right there was great too.
With our first baby we had a travel swing. It worked fine but it didnt swing as fast as we would like since it had such a small motor and we had to bend down a lot to pick her up so close to the ground, which was harder the bigger she got.Now with our second we decided we would go for a full size swing, and decided on the Windsor. Its a beautiful pattern in sage green with toile. But as I looked at the toile pattern I realized it was boys at the fishing hole, so while it might look girly because of the toile dont shy away from it for a boy.My husband and I put it together in about 40 minutes.....pretty standard for a piece of baby equipment. We did struggle a bit with the fabric fitting but it did fit....snuggly. And really you want things on baby products to fit snuggly.Ive had no problems with the mobile as other posters have said. I also know that unless you are missing parts when you put together baby items 99% of the problems are user problems. Trust me, Ive had my share of "why wont this work?!" and then realized "Ooooh, it's silly me!".Beautiful swing, great movement for all ages of babies and a true necessity from the first day home. You will be able to use this swing for several babies. Dont hesitate, you and your baby will love it!
This is a great carrier and worth the money. My son loves to be in it. This is so good for my back and shoulders especially as he gets heavier. Really easy to put on, and get the baby in it without help. The lumbar support on it makes it comfortable to wear. It is supportive enough that I often use it when I go for a walk instead of the stroller and it doesn't bother my back and gives me a bit more of a workout since I am carrying my baby instead of pushing him. It is obviously comfortable for my son too. He loves to face forward and look around when we go for walks and shopping. It definitely is worth the extra amount for the back support if you have any back problems or a big baby. Definitely a must have!
We use cloth diapers and my husband can't live without this product in our diaper pail!  It is a strong scent while the pail is open but it becomes more mild once the pail is closed and over the course of the month.  Much more refreshing for guests to smell this instead of stinky diapers!
We have tried many good brands, but this one is amazingly better . It makes my toddler's hair much smoother than all other brands we got.
This bath is the best!Have one that has been used nearly every day for a year and still looks great and works well.Bought an extra bath for travel and sleepovers at granparents. Love this bath.No slipping and getting hurt.
I am on board with all the positive reviews i saw about this mattress. i was nervous because of SIDS, but i pray alot, so i knew we'd be okay. this mattress is firm, but thats what they recommend for infants. and let me say, baby girl sleeps ALL NIGHT on this thing. its a little hard, but if she loves it, i won't complain.  she snores ever so lightly and i love that sound. this mattress is safe and firm and is just what the doctor ordered for scared new moms like me.  EXCELLENT!!!! the mattress cover and sheets all fit perfectly too by the way. we are very very happy with our purchase and we plan to use it for as long as we can.
These work well in the plugs. I've heard some parents say that their kids take some outlet plugs out of the outlets and stick them in their mouth. I can barely get this thing out to plug in the vacuum, so I'm not worried about that. That makes them more annoying, but also safe which is why you buy them.
it has a  plug to drain the water out its great for my fiance when she couldnt lift more then the babys weight and i wasnt home i love this little tub it comes in handy and its pink lol my daughter just loves baths and she loves this tub she just sits in and laughs and plays and shes only 4 months old:D
This is worth it. I haven't seen a baby who didn't love this. This will buy you enough time to take a shower (hang it in the doorway so you can supervise) or dinner with your family. Alternate this with an exersaucer for a nice change of pace.
Great seat! This is our second one in 4 years and two kids! The first one had the handle crack.I bought a different potty seat to replace this one initially and it was sent back quickly in favor of this seat!There is a dial that turns to adjust two plastic pieces that sizes it for your toilet.My son is 3 and he knows how to use the potty all by himself. He is able to put this down on the toilet and get on and off it himself. There is no leakage between the seat and the toilet seat and the guard works well.I fully expect that my daughter will be able to use this seat when she is ready to potty train.
This is great for travelling.  At the check-in counter the attendant actually thanked us for using it rather than trying to check in a bare car seat.  There is tons of room and I packed all my babies clothes and supplies, including diapers, in with the seat.  It was nice to have my suitcase all to myself.  I checked it in and it arrived in good condition.  Hint: I put all babies belongings in a large shopping bag since I needed the car seat for the trip to the airport.  On the transport bus I pulled the Travel Bag out of the shopping bag, inserted the car seat and then put in all the other things.  Worked great!
We love this sturdy, easy gate. It works best in a doorway that you want closed off for sure. It's not so easy to take up and down quickly.
After my expensive video monitor died, I decided to go back to basics and try this one. Good enough for it's purpose.
My daughter loved this toy.  It wasn't used much as a walker, it was kind of difficult for her to walk behind it.  Now that she is walking she does like to sit on it and ride on it.  She enjoyed the balls and music before she was walking and it was like a transition for her from the kick toy with same balls for younger infants that she used.  The familiarity was also good for her going from one to the other.
This product helps me a lot when I travel and even when I am at home. After I dry my daughter's bottles, I put powdered milk in it and use this cap. When she's hungry, it only takes me little time to make her food.
i loved this product while pregnant.  it seemed to encase me like a cocoon in a good way.  i felt supported on my back, legs and tummy.  the ONLY negative i have for this, is that its just enormous.  oh well, comfort over function i suppose.
Despite the confusing or conflicting information with regard to which pump versions these actually fit, they DO fit the Philips Avent Manual Breast Pump perfectly and work as expected.  They looked like the ones I had so I purchased hesitantly and was pleased that they are exactly the same as the ones that came with my pump.
I used this product on our fireplace to cover up the sharp edges but it doesn't stick very well to natural stone.  So occasionally I have to re-stick it once it comes loose. Other than that it looks great and helps protect my baby from injury.
I love this bath. It was awesome for when my son's umbilical cord hadn't fell off. It has grown with him every step of the way. The bath toys and extras are great to.
My son is now 8 months old, and we love it.  We are Americans living in europe and travel a lot, and he travels in it like a champ.  I think that if we got the hand held car seat, it would have been a waste of money.  Those seats only go up to 15 or 22 lbs, so I would need another car seat by now.  Do people know that those pop in & out car seats don't last the first year for most babies, so you end up having to buy a rear & forward facing seat anyways (you can't do forward facing until they are 1 year AND more than 20 lbs).  The question is if you want to pay for one really good car seat or buy two and spend more.  I had no problems getting him in and out of his seat and having a baby carrier (baby bjorn) helps to keep your hands free (better than dragging a awkward car seat around) .  The only problem that I have (and it might not be the car seat but the car) is the car seat is really big.  The front passenger has to eat the dashboard for the car seat to fit rear facing - forward facing is better.  We have a VW Jetta.  More about the seat...I like the "granite" cover.  We have had "messes", and it's really easy to clean.  The fabric is very soft.  Again, my son is really happy in his seat.Bottom line, I would buy it again and would recommend it to my best friend!
Got these for my 11-month-old son as an early Christmas gift.  They are a great quality block.  They will be used for years to come.  My son has a great time knocking down the pyramids we build.  Even though he chews on them (he's got eight teeth) I haven't seen any paint in his mouth.
I was happy to try these Playtex VentAire Natural Shape bottle's for my daughter. Although she is older now (not a newborn) I have been quite tired and upset with Dr. Brown's bottles that we were using since her birth. They have discolored greatly, yucky stuff was caked on inside the inner tubing, very hard to clean out, but most of all they constantly leaked after a month or two of owning. I replaced them twice and each time they have leaked from the screw cap area. If you make them to tight they leak, to loose they leak, very fine line.... soo when I had the opportunity to try these out and had something to compare them to I was quite happy to do so.Right off the bat I liked the design of them, and the way the top was angled. The nipples are natural shaped and my daughter went from the old bottles to these without any hesitation or trouble to the nipple. In fact she likes them better and seeks them out when wanting her bottle. The state 2 nipples are fast flow and for her were perfect. I like how the bottle and the top come off so you can clean the entire bottle with easy, rather then a fight. Most importanly though they did not leak at all. The last thing you want is to travel and have your bottle leak, or spill coming out of the cap areas. Of course flip a bottle upside down most will leak from the nipple. But none should leak from the screw cap area, and I was happy these did not leak. We have used them well over a month now, going on two and love them!feeds your baby with virtually no bubbles and less gas and spit ups. It has a unique leak-proof bottom vent that controls bubbles and an angled 9-oz. bottle that promotes semi-upright feeding and deters ear infections. Natural shape nipple is designed for switching between bottle and breast. Safe for breast milk and 2-end opening for easy and complete cleaning. Includes stage 2 fast flow nipples. Comes in light purple, light blue and light green colors. Made of hypoallergenic plastic. Imported. 6.75Hx2.25" dia. Colors May VaryDesigned for babies switching between breast and bottle or transitioning from breast to bottle feedingVentAire Advanced bottles are easy to clean and come with a leak-proof, breakproof guaranteeBPA freeMade by Playtex - A leader in infant feedingColors vary: Boy-white/green/blue, Girl-white/yellow/pink, Neutral-white/green/yellow1. This is the only nipple my new baby likes. She didn't like the nipples that her older twin brother/sister used. Making the transition from breast to bottle was fairly simple, as long as I heat the bottle of milk up first! lol2. Bottle is easier to clean. Sure it comes in pieces, but I like the fact that because the bottom comes apart, I can really get the bottles clean. The bottom of the conventional bottles would never get quite that clean, even when I use those bottle brushes. The brushes don't get into the crevices on the bottom so there's that thin layer of dried milk or something that's always there.3. Ergonomically correct in shape. Easy for me to hold, and for the baby to hold as well. Since the bottle curves upwards, the weight of the bottle is dispursed centrally so the baby has an easier time holding it.4. It seems like I don't have to burp her so often, and she doesn't spit up.5. Doesn't leak if you have it screwed on correctly.
I think my husband liked it more than my daughter! haha!It gives a nice soothing light, it looks nice on the ceiling.
This size is perfect for the mini cribs at daycare. NOT a regular crib, NOT a pack & play! It's also very soft & cozy for the baby.
Although my son hates these, they work well to get stuff out of his nose.  Never had a problem with them hurting him.  They broke after almost two years when I squeezed them the plastic broke.  Ordering a new one.  Just wish it had a more comfortable tip, but at least it isn't sharp.
I know that my son is nice and warm when he is in this.  Helps us go out on cold days.
Baby havent arrived yet but i got her this mobile, i really love it. its simple but very unique. i think when she grows out of the mobile stage , she will still enjoy this. i can see this as room decoration. i cant wait to see her reaction. me and my husband both said that we wish we were little baby to stare at this cute thing from the crib.
I purchased this when I pregnant with twins and have limited space. I found it to be great (a pain to put together) buy and was really large and spacious I didn't have a problem with them dipping in the middle( make sure the rod is all the way in) it only lasted until they were 4 months because my daughter was a roller and tried to pull up on the sides but the play yard works fine wish there was a little more padding. It came in a timely matter and I loved the color. I would recommend to someone with little space. They still sleep just fine in it.
My son is 4 months old and he loves this blanket. He like to hold on to things while hes using his pacifier and it makes him feel comfortable. I love how it has the pacifier holder and teething corners. I would suggest this to anyone. Thanks
We've been using this seat on our elongated toilet seat and round seat and it works perfectly.  It's much better than having to put a step stool and a potty seat down everytime my daughter has to go, cuts down on the fumbling and the clutter.  I've read some of the reviews about the elongated seat and so far I haven't had any issues.  I put the Mommy's helper on top of the elongated toilet seat not on the bowl and it fits perfectly.  I guess maybe some of the reviewer's have extremely elongated seats because I haven't had any stability issues at all.Also, for all you tall people out there, my daughter is 26 months and off the charts tall.  The step on this is perfect for her tall self and the seat sits far enough back for her to sit comfortably, stand up and check out her 'business' and sit back down again.  I didn't know this going in but shopping for potty seats & step stool combos for tall kids is pretty difficult.  You don't want to end up with their knees too far up or have the seat settle in such a way they can put their feet up and get pee everywhere.  You also kind of want to avoid the dangling feet if you have a curious tot that needs to check out everything that comes out. lol  The Mommy's Helper is a great combo for us.
These bibs are long lasting and are great for the price. Much cheaper and not to shabby compared to the expensive ones from Target - Walmart or the overly priced baby stores. They dry quickly too after washing.
We use this tub for our newborn.  The tub fits directly in my kitchen sink, so no need to bend over and strain to wash the baby.  It has a place to keep my washcloth and her shampoo.  It also has a convenient drain that changes color when the water is too hot.  My baby seems very comfortable in the hammock with the padded head.The only drawback is that the tub is large.  For me, this isn't a problem - I store it in our guest bathtub.  But if you have limited living space, it might not work for you.
I just  happened upon this listing one day, I don't even know how.  It has truly changed my life, simply because it's so convenient and USEFUL.  Before, we had the flat thingy pressed against our round newel post.  I would knock it off every time I bumped into it or hit it in any horizontal way, for the last YEAR.  It wasn't a huge deal until I noticed that the paint on the wall on the other side was starting to chip from the pressure.  Just about that time, I found this thingy. Yep.  TOTALLY changed things.  The Y shape is rather large, so it not only fits on a thin post like in the picture.  Our post is about 3&#34; diameter and I know the Y would fit over a larger post as well.  Probably up to about 4&#34;?
After seeing all the excellent reviews for Sophie I decided to purchase one. My 6 month old son does enjoy it occasionally but he is definitely not infatuated with it like the other reviewers infants. Maybe I introduced it a little too late? Either way it is a cute well made toy that is easy to grasp for little hands & lots of little features for him to chew on when he does pay attention to it.
it is really the good bowls and the color is very beatiful. The baby can choose the color when she is using.
My husband is great at swaddling with receiving blankets, but after a few weeks our babies get too long to be swaddled tightly that way.  The miracle blanket is perfect for a growing baby - easy for me to use and wrap the baby tight. I wasn't sure if we should get this since we already had it down with the blankets, but its been excellent. It washes really well, its incredibly soft and an overall good buy. I am going to get one of these for all of the baby showers I"m invited to. Its just excellent.  The only potential downside is that the baby is in so many layers of swaddle that they can get hot in there if they have a lot of clothes on, so we always swaddle our baby with just a onesie on and its fine.
This is really the best nursing pillow on the market.  This is the nursing pillow that is recommended by lactation consultants.  I can really see why.  I really love this one.  It has made my breastfeeding experience so pleasurable.  This pillow brings baby into the perfect position for nursing.  It also fastens around your waist so that the pillow is snug around you and the baby does not roll into the middle of the pillow like with the Boppy.  It also has a pocket to keep nursing pads, pacifiers and other small items.  The slipcover also washes up really nicely too.  This is one of my favorite breastfeeding accessories and I would recommend it to anyone.
I have 3 of these gates and use them to block large openings for my dogs when I need to keep them away from company. They are very easy to install. Sometimes a little hard to get a panel moving but over time they get easier to slide.
Fall and spring are wet weather months for outdoor sports, and this blanket has kept us dry in downpours and snow/icy weather during many, many soccer games.  We sit on it, or layer it as a protective shield when there is heavy precipitation. Most recently the little siblings forgot their jacket during an especially windy and cold playoff game, so we built a fortress of blankets, and huddled together under this... almost forgot it was cold out!
I received these from a family member before my baby was born. Her daughter didn't take to them. Keeping that in mind, I didn't really consider using them the first time around. Then they ended up being my favorite!I didn't experience any problems with leaking or blocking, as some reviewers had mentioned. I'm using hand-me-down vent caps (the silicone part that goes at the bottom of the bottle) and bottoms! For maintenance, I stick these in the dishwasher. I have an OXO dishwasher bin. I put the nipples in one side and the vent caps on the other. The bottle goes with the cups. The ring and bottoms go in the basket. I end up washing these once or twice a day.I ended up purchasing an additional set on Amazon because we needed 10 bottles. Once we get five or six into the dishwasher, that means we only have four or five remaining in the fridge. When my son gets hungry, he screams bloody murder with very little time after his first hunger grunt. We like to have these ready to go in times of need (between midnight and 5a when his screams are most unpleasant). I'm breastfeeding as well, but my son eats a lot. When I use these, I usually breastfeed for 10-15 minutes before giving him the bottle. Sometimes he continues going for my chest, but I've learned to use the bottle for nipple preservation.I have not used these bottles to store my breastmilk. When I return to work, I plan to use smaller containers from Medella. I don't pump enough to fill one of these bottles. We use RTF formula with these bottles. I'm sure it would work fine with powder as well.
Sophie is a must have for every baby. I have bought so many of these I have lost count.  Every Mom and Dad say it is their go to toy for calming the baby.  If you buy one, buy two, you will want more of these!
I bought this to have for formula/snack storage, and it works great.  It seals really well so you don't have to worry about it leaking to dumping contents into your diaper bag.  It also comes apart for easier washing and holds up great to the sani cycle on the dishwasher.  Overall this is a great buy for the money! I also look forward to using this as a snack dispenser when the baby gets a little older.
My 19 month old loves them. There is also good variety and all the animal faces are nicely made. They all look cheerful and cute. They haven't yet had black yucky things growing in them like some of the other brands of squirt toys.
I love this item...when my husband first brought this home i didnt think i would use it..but when i did i loved it..i mainly put mangoes, watermelon and papaya in this thing and both my boys enjoy sucking the juices from it..they do make a mess but this way they are able to feed themselves...highly recommend this product!
Bought this for my 10 month old baby. The toothbrush has soft bristles that wont hurt the baby's gums but will get the job done for the teeth. My baby loved the taste of the toothpaste so that made the job easy as well. My only complaint if at all is that the body of the cleanser could have been a little tougher...my baby likes to bite my finger sometimes and since the cleanser is so soft, she can hurt me. Other than that, happy with the purchase!
My son has had acid reflux since he was a few days old, and after dealing with 2 months of severe spitting up I finally saw an ad in a magazine and bought these bottles.  What a lifesaver they have been!  Within days, he was spitting up less and had less gas too.  It was such a noticeable difference that it had to be the bottles.  I could tell using Dr. Brown's that my son wasn't taking in as much air as he was with the Avent bottles we had been using.  I do suggest, however, that you read carefully and follow the directions included with these bottles.  For example, if you are going to put them in a bottle warmer, you MUST take the nipple off first or the liquid becomes piping hot and even explodes through the top.  Other than that, they are very easy to care for.  I thought cleaning them was no more difficult than any other bottles...the extra steps are worth it to me.
I got this bouncer for my daughter from my baby shower, I really liked it. I used it daily until my daughter outgrew it at about 5-6 months old maybe? She never really liked her swing, but for the first 2-3 months of her life I could only take a shower if I brought her into the bathroom with me in this seat.
Great bibs.  Only problem is my baby wants to chew on them (but thats my problem). Very any leaking or messing of his clothes A++
We initially recieved the papasan bouncer for our son and well, it doesn't really bounce or have much to look at.  So we got this bouncer and it is a BIG hit with our little man.
This is a great pail.  It originally appealed to me because of the cost benefit of using any old plastic bag.  We buy the generic tall kitchen bags.  We soon found that another benefit is that you only have to change the bag every 6 or 7 days!  Additionally, it really has a one-handed operation.
I use these bags and until now have not had any problems... they store the milk very well and do not spill nor open in the freezer. The only thing i would change is that they do not measure the amount of milk well, so instead of pumping directly to the bags i prefer to pump into the bottles and then pour to the bags so that i can see in the bottles how much i am pumping and storing in each bag.  The measurement in the bag is always off even when you expand it and place it upwards on a flat surface.
We bought my son a Bumbo and were really excited about him being big enough to use it. Once he was capable of sitting up without support, we started feeding him in the Bumbo and putting him in it to play with his toys. He really enjoys his time in the Bumbo. After hearing about the recall, we realized how ridiculous it was... we would NEVER leave our son unattended in the seat. As a result, he thoroughly enjoys spending SUPERVISED time in the seat.Ultimately, he doesn't spend quite as much time in the chair as I though he would... therefore, while I was pregnant, I thought it would be a necessity, but looking back, I would probably add it to the "nice to have" column.
This helped my son calm down and relax enough to nap when he was tired instead of waking up from the painful gas bubbles he was having. I only used it for a few months.
Baby's love toys like this from the front to back it's something to just stare at for baby's good coordination.
We were very surprised that such a simple and inexpensive toy would be used for so long by my son when he was a baby.  And now we got them out for a new baby he still enjoys playing with them at almost 3 years old.  My mother has some and says my niece loved playing with them at 5 years old.
I was worried this would not fit well and in fact it does very well. Very happy to have this during the cold winter!
work perfect
My 2 year old never cared about the power cord under my computer (that powers the router), but once she discovered the entire family's reaction to pressing that red button, she sure loved sneaking down there.  This stopped that instantly.
I tried to save money by  not buying a BF pillow. Many moms and lactatiion consultant said it was unnecessary because a pillow would do the same. THEY ARE SO WRONG. Yeah saving money is nice but sometimes it's not worth saving that $30. I was struggling so much at the hospital because I was using a pillow. I thought it was just me not knowing how to BF my daughter because I'm  FTM. I had so much trouble latching her on and holding her in the proper position.THE FIRST TIME I used this I was like OH.MY.GOD. This is like a gift from the Gods of Breastfeeding Moms. I got her to latch on!!!! It was the best feeling ever!!!! I'm sure many moms out there know how frustrating it is to not be able to get LO to latch on. And then on top of that, getting all these aches and pains because you can't hold LO in the correct position. With this pillow, it's like the best thing ever!I got her to latch on and I was able to feed her comfortably. My back was at rest because I was able to sit up straight and not slouch to one side, or leaning forward. My arms are rested because I don't have to hold her in awkward positions. I was able to even play on my phone, go on FB or play games while feeding her at night.This pillow has made BF so enjoyable. I wished I had taken off from work longer so I was able to BF her from my breasts longer.I've tried with a Boppy before it's just not the same. Well, I MADE a Boppy because I wanted it to help LO sit up. And then I tried it out as a BF pillow. Doesn't work. She falls in to the middle. It was kind of annoying to figure out how to get LO in what position. I don't know. With the My Brest Friend I didn't have this problem. I just put LO on pillow and booby and it was done.
Confession: my 5-month-old daughter is a drooler. We knew she probably would be before she was born because my husband was a drooler (when he was a baby). As such, I'd purchased lots and lots of bibs before my baby was born.It's not that I don't love my baby and all her messiness, but I'm just not a body fluids person. Also, I hate wet clothes, I hate chunks of food sticking to clothes, and I hate having to change outfits all the time because food and drool get all over them. I hate these things for myself and for my baby.Now, once my baby was born, I learned a lot about bibs that I didn't know when I was scooping up every bib I could get my hands on before she was born...First, I learned that size matters. Large bibs get cumbersome. Bibs that wrap all around the baby (like those fabulous Aden and Anais bib/burb cloth devices), are just too much when I need to put a bib on my baby when she's in the carseat, for example. Bibs that are too small tend to not provide enough coverage when my daughter turns her head and spits up or when she pulls her cute little fists to her face and knocks the bib aside. These bibs are the perfect size. Perfect.Secondly, I learned that the clasp can make the difference between tears and laughter--mine and my daughters. Some bibs have Velcro closures that are just so, so awful...the edge of the Velcro pulls up away from the fabric and scratches my daughter on the neck. Other bibs have cheap Velcro that is not name brand and that does not actually hold the bib closed. Still, other bibs are made with snaps, which always stay shut and never scratch a sensitive area--but they have be tremendously difficult to get closed--particularly if you're trying to do it with one hand, as I often am while holding my daughter. These bibs have just the right Velcro (not sure if it's name brand--and don't care). It provides full coverage without being scratchy--and I can secure the closure with just one hand.Finally, for the purposes of keeping this review short, material. I have plastic bibs, rubber bibs, terrycloth bibs, and every other material you can image. I'm serious--I went bib crazy. I've found that some bibs--like the muslin bibs from Aden and Anais--are just fabulous at absorbing spit and wiping a cute little face clean. However, they do nothing for spit-up chunks and food dribble--it just pools and puddles and gets caked in. Plastic bibs are great for feeding time when you can take it over to the sink and clean it immediately after--or as soon as your baby is done rubbing her hands all in the dribbled food that's all over the bib. These bibs are great for catching spit-up, chunky stuff, and food--as long as you clean them in a washer right after. Plus, they are soft so if you find a clean corner when your baby is done eating or drooling or whatever, you can wipe her face clean!All in all, the only thing I would change about these bibs is that I would make them odor resistant. Like with my daughters little outfits, if I don't change these bibs soon after she's spit up, they (the bib and the baby) very quickly smell like spoiled milk and I find that odor repugnant. As soon as you remove the bib, the baby goes back to smelling sweet and delicious. So--it's a good thing there are so many of these in a pack. Plus--you can find one to match any outfit--yours and your baby's!
My boy is a big boy and it fits him perfect! His feet hit the floor perfectly too and great height for him. Somehow won't tip.. nicely engineered!
So adorable and cute. The way it moves and is flexible is great for babies. I would recommend this. Baby enjoys it.
This is a great wipes warmer and the wipes do not brown.  We have no problem with water spilling when we open the warmer.  Our daughter loves having the warm wipes.  Just be sure to keep water in the machine as the directions indicate.
This is one of only a few products my husband and I would buy again with no hesitation.  We bought it over a year ago (with the extension) and have used it every day since.  When my daughter outgrew the octoganal arrangement, we just opened it up and have used it to block her from the kitchen and other dangerous areas.  She is not a climber yet, so I do NOT recommend using it in this fashion if your child is.  It will tip over, the circular formation is the sturdiest.  We haven't had any problems with pieces breaking off or the plastic being brittle and we adjust it almost daily.  Highly recommended.
I JUST got this in the mail.  Very cute toy.  My nearly one year old daughter likes the squeaker.  But so does the dog!  She's getting teeth in almost every month so this will come in handy.  I love the background story that was included.
We use this when we are visiting family, friends, and going out to eat.  Always nice to know you have a clean place so sit your child in for meals or activities.  The booster feature is great too for dining at the table with grown ups.  We also really like that the tray has a cover so you can stick a spoon, flat plate, etc. over the tray and not worry about getting yourself, car, or others messy when you are done.
This product arrives ready to use. It took me five minutes to unpack it and click the already-assembled bars into place. I am writing this review with my daughter sleeping safely next to me. I feel so much better knowing that I can keep her with me around the house and still get things done because I can wheel her around the house. I used a Moby wrap with my son, but he's 4 now, and I need to be mobile with two children. So, now if he needs me to play with him or get him something, I can keep my daughter in the room with us, and keep an eye on her, and not worry. Since she does't cry when she needs something, I don't trust the baby monitors, I would rather have her where I can see her. This is the perfect product for just that, small, portable, and lightweight.
First and foremost this is now under the brand name Summer. I was not aware of that and first thought we had received the wrong item.I felt like I need something to protect my leather seats from our car seat so I had been eying this mat for awhile now. I picked this one for two reasons, it wasn't black and it went all the up the back of the seat. I expressed ordered it from the company and never received tracking information but it came fast. The one I received was all black as well but after consideration we decided that they grey would not be that much cooler.
These bottles are pretty good.  The nipple is a little large and seems to flow kinda fast for my breastfed baby.  She makes quite a mess while drinking from these.  However, the bottle is nice and durable.  The nipple and caps fit snug.  Also, they work great as breast milk storage containers.  You can take out the nipple and put the insert in the cap for freezer storage.  I like that.  My daughter doesn't get a bottle often, but when she does this in one of the types I use.
Read a review that covered three different bibs. They recommened the bumkin over the others..so I ordered one. So glad I did! We have tried other fabric/plastic bibs, which usually get crunchy or crusty with use and washing. The bumkin is so soft and easy to clean and dries quickly. It has a long strip of velcro for adjustable sizing. The bumkin junior bib with sleeves is a bit bigger for when my baby girl gets older. Its much larger, difficult for them to yank off, and has large coverage.
Great travel cot. No assembly required, just folds right out and back up again. Light weight, removable cover can be washed. Best for 4yrs and under based on length of item.  Quite honestly, it's so cheap you should just go ahead and buy it, you'll love it!
I bought two packs of these for cloth diapering and they're great!  Material is soft, but sturdy and will hold up to lots of washing.  Excellent wipes by an excellent company!
This is an absolutely wonderful product.  Out of all the products we bought, this one is my favorite. When our little one was newborn, it was easy and quick to swaddle her which made it nice. Now that she is a little older and can wiggle out of the blanket swaddle, it's great because it has velcro closures so it keeps her snog all night and I don't have to worry about her wiggling free and having loose blankets in the crib with her.  I would get a couple sizes so you can continue to use them as you little one grows.  Our pediatrician said it was okay to swaddle up to 4 months.
Well-made seat protector!  I love the pockets in the front!  The black color makes it stylish in any car.  I would recommend this seat protector to anyone!
My child is a drooler and I hated how cloth bibs were soaked within 5 minutes and bibs with a plastic backing look cheap. These are cute and they prevent drool from reaching clothes. Just make sure you velcro them shut before washing them or they will rip up anything they are in the wash with. I also recommend getting a mesh bag to put them in while washing in case they come un-velcroed
The only reason I don't give this 5 stars is because I think it could use more padding on the straps! When you have a heavy baby and a not so great back it gets hard to carry them in this after awhile! Baby does loves the comfort of this carrier!So I would say it is worth the money!
Both of my kids have been super messy when they eat and get food all up and down their arms, so I have one of these bibs for each kid. It fits my 7mo old a little big, but i works and my 2.5 year old still fits hers. This bib works great to cover everything and is easy to wipe down between meals. It also washes well. Get it!
My son is little so it may not be good for larger kids starting to potty train. He's about 27 pounds age 21 months.Get some of those disinfectant wipes and clean it out each time and you're good. (Wear gloves and wash your hands after too.)Fits in a small space in my small bathroom without an issue.
I purchased this tub for a friend but she really loves it so I guess I would recommend.
My toddler is 20 months old but is quite tall for his age and has begun using this to try and reach the sink to wash his hands.  This item stows away nicely, is sturdy yet lightweight and attractive enough.  The advantage for it is that your toddler can easily step on to it on their own.  Note that this could also be a disadvantage as an unattended to child could be standing on top in a heartbeat when not wanted.  So, be careful what the access to this item looks like.  The disadvantage of that height is that my 20 month old can't even come close to actually putting his hands under the faucet to wash his hands and I still need to hold him.My recommendation is to know what you are using this for and understand the dimensions of this item combined with the height of your child and about how far they can reach.  If it doesn't help you to just get a little but higher-maybe hold off.  If your child is tall enough to benefit from the Safe Step-this is a reasonable value for a safe, sturdy item that will not slide around on the ground or break easily.
My son has very expressive hands, and constantly is pushing away or grabbing at anything covering him as he dines. With any other cover I've used (baby blanket, towel, shawl) he fusses and it slides. Not to mention that during the summer, he's just not wanting anything on him. This is a great way to nurse, see him, not suffocate him, and cover up. He cannot really uncover me yet though he tries (he's 15 wks old).The only downsides -1) not wrinkleproof, it's hard to be trendy while wrinkled so you need a couple2) it does get a bit warm. it is not mesh or incredibly breathable. but the opening at the neck lets you see that the baby is ok. i wish there was a summer and fall and winter fabric, not just the design differences.
I tried Avent and Dr. Browns before switching to Playtex Drop Ins.  I liked all three but Playtex drop ins are so easy!  And, the way the nipple is, for my daughter, seems to be the most natural and closest to breastfeeding.  if you feel the nip, sounds weird!, it has a texture to it that other bottles don't.  most bottles nips are pretty "hard" unless you go latex...which scared me because I didn't want to find out the hard way that my baby had a latex allergy!  Anyway, the silicone nip on the playtex nursers is much softer and pliable so the baby can kind of pull on it as she wants to.  It's great!  I highly recommend.  Hopefully this review is not too strange :)
This booster is perfect. It cleans easily, 6 month (now 9 month) baby loves it. This chair travels well but it also used everyday at grandma's house. I spent hours trying to be sure I bought something that baby would be comfortable in, but was also easy to clean and use. This chair is perfect! There is no cloth to need to wash, it wipes down easily. The best part, you can't beat the price!
Does it work?I received this as a very thoughtul gift at around 4 months in my pregnancy (I do have to admit that probably would not spend this much on myself);  at 4 months i didn't really need it;  at 5 months (or around there), once you are told that you should not be sleeping on your back, I tried it out.  I didn't like it at first, but as your tummy grows and you get increasingly more uncomfortable, this pillow helped with lower back discomort and to support a growing belly.  I'm about 5'1 there was more then enough 'real estate' to give me support where needed.  it bends easily, which is a big plus.  It also didn't take most of our bed, as I thought it would. Overall - once you get used to it - yes, it will help you sleep betterIs it worth the price?that's up to you to decide.  All I can say is that with the 2nd baby (and as I got older), comfort was very important, but that's a personal take..What about quality?As other reviewers mentioned, the cover is made out of a VERY cheap cotton-like fabric, it is scratchy and not soft at all.  My work-around, instead of buying a more expensive 2nd cover (which is really what they want you to do), I put my own pillow case over the top (head) part of the pillow and wrapped it the best i could.. it's not ideal - but it's free and i get to sleep on a nicer fabric (it really doesn't matter for the bottom as much..your legs won't know the differenceOverall?  I would recommend it for comfort; if you can't afford the price-tag, start with a wedge and something for between your legs, should be sufficient if you don't have lower back problems.
My LO loves this little guy. There are several different textures to keep her interested and soft enough for when she tries to eat him.
THESE ARE GREAT TO HAVE AS WE DON'T WANT HER TO GET HER FINGERS INTO ANYTHING REAL EASY TO INSERT
I absolutely LOVE this tub, just bought the 2nd one because the 1st one got a mysterious hole in it (probably one of the cats sneaking up on it, too tiny a hole to find/patch.)  I bought the red tub with the Cars theme and was absolutely HORRIFIED to watch my 14 month old flip around, and tip over and nearly go under water a few times, even though I was right there.  It will be great in a few months.  He's about 33-34" tall, and still fits in the duck!  We moved to this when he got too big for the hard plastic tub.So- back to the Duck we went!  Delivered fast, inflates very easily (way easier than the Cars tub), it has a non-slip bottom, the sides are good to keep him away from the sides of the tub, the quacking is fun but not annoying, and it's narrow enough to not allow him to whip in 360's and fall over, or go under like the other tub allowed.I REALLY appreciate now having tried the Cars tub that the Duck has the plug in the bottom you can pull if you have a baby who thinks he's a fish and tries to dunk or you have a need to drain it quickly.  That's a HUGE safety plus.The original duck is still inflatable to an extent so now he plays with it in his play area, he'll sit in it, "read", put toys in it, bounce off it at about 60% inflated and not get hurt, he'll drag it around, it's awesome!  Highly recommend!
I use this to transport my daughters bottles and food to and from daycare and it works very well for me (daughter is 6 months old).It fits 6 Dr. Browns 8oz standard bottles with caps on although it is snug; the wide mouth bottles would perhaps fit 3.I typically have 4 bottles in there and I use silicone name bands around the tops of the bottles which would make 6 bottles almost impossibleThe top zipped compartment is the PERFECT spot for her food and snacks.I have had no issues with the craftsmanship of the item and I don't anticipate it lasting for more than 6 months only because of the kind of abuse it takes.
I thought our daughter would get too warm in warm pajamas (fleece) and this fleece Halo. However, the Halo is just warm enough... it's pretty thin, but still warm. We only use Halo blankets. They're great.
I like the fact that you don't have to purchase brand-name insert for this product, but can use any garbage bag.  I have to say, though, that after my daughter started solids, the odor control has not been great unless the bag is changed frequently.
Nice quilted pad, and waterproof.  Be sure to dry on low heat, because of waterproof backing.  Fit nicely on my 3&#34; Dream on Me coil mattress.
This is the only carrier that my daughter would use and it was by far my favorite.  It is super easy to sling over your shoulder and fit your little one into without a lot of prep or finagling.  It felt very natural and intuitive unlike other carriers I tried.  Also, if the baby falls asleep while you're wearing her, you can lie the baby down on the bed and slip yourself out of the sling without waking her.  (It takes a bit of practice, but it is very do-able) I highly recommend this sling.
I'm sure there are better sippy cups out there but these work good for little one's transitioning from bottle to cup.  They are small, have soft tip (similar to bottle nipple) and easy to grip.  I have had no problem lining handles up.
I purchased this before my son was born, and he started sitting in it around 6 months of age, when we started feeding him.  It was easy to clean, although the nylon straps sometimes got food on them.  I spot-treated them as necessary and they appeared to clean up okay.  Fast forward 2 years... I attached this seat to one of my patio chairs on our porch this summer so that we could have family meals outside.  Within 1 month in the summer heat, visible mildew grew on all of the straps...I suppose it was living off of 2 years of food residue.  I cut the straps that went around my son's waist so that he wouldn't be exposed to them, and continued to use it strapless.My brother had the same seat and put his in a storage locker for a period of time.  They had the same issue - black mildew grew on the straps, and they tossed theirs as a result.I suppose any highchair with nylon straps would have the same issue if exposed to heat.  Fisher price is now using a high tech rubber on some of their chair straps, but they cost upward of $100, and you could buy 4 of these for that price.  This chair is a cheap alternative.  Just don't store it in warm places, or use outside in the heat.
This sleep sheep was an absolute must for the first couple years for my son.  He was soothed so well from the white noise this would generate that he could barely fall asleep without it.  We would put him to sleep, press his favorite sound (the stream) and it would play for about 45 minutes to be sure he was in a deep sleep.  The sheep itself is soft, safe for him, useful and visually appealing as well.  This put him to sleep much better than anything else and I am glad we had this
My daughter received this as a birthday gift for her first birthday. She is now 15mo and has the skills and height (86th percentile) to use it. I loved it right away, it's constructed well and made of easily washable, vibrant, durable materials. She now loves it too. She can easily ride it from hardwood to carpet and turns it with ease so she can choose direction and doesn't get frustrated. Our friends' kids ranging from 2-4 yrs enjoy it as well so I see this bug being a good investment.
I love this tub. The insert was perfect when my daughter was just a few days and weeks old. Now I only clip the head rest part to it and my 4 month old leans against it while I wash her. The pieces that come with it are perfect for washing and also as toys to keep her attention. I especially love the drain in the bottom.
For such a small price, these outlet plugs are totally worth the pennies. A peace of mind is priceless. Luckily you won't break the bank with these.
We got these bibs to take on vacation with us where we would't be able to wipe/wash bibs and didn't want to take up space in our luggage. These were great - stayed securely on our toddler where she couldn't easily rip it off and big enough to effectively cover her during mealtimes. You have to remove a little tab to expose the sticky part.
okay, i've never tried other hand pumps but this thing is terrific. you can control the suction, my hand rarely got tired, easy to use while walking around doing other things if you're busy and need to pump. however- don't lose the tiny tiny o-rings as it won't work without them and you can't buy them on their own, have to get a bunch of stuff together to replace the tiny o-ring.
I bought this seat for my son after reading multiple reviews and looking for something that's "boy-proof".  Well, the price is great, the seat is lightweight and easy to transport and I only have to clean up pee off the floor 1 time out of 10 which is great.  The lip of the seat is high enough to catch things most of the time.  I still give the product 5 stars as I do not believe you can be 100%proof in the case of little boys and morning bathroom visits (if you know what i mean), so for the price and 90% success rate, I think this is a great product.
This has been one of the greatest purchase. I love the fact that it is made of organic cotton, it's stylish, simple and easy to use it.It's a mush have!
These converters worked perfectly with my Medela Swing Breast Pump and my Medela Pump in Style.  I loved not having to transfer milk from one bottle to another.
Others are very satisfied, no taste at all, but the neck strap is too short, the baby will feel a little uncomfortable in time, if the extension point, estimated to be perfect
We were using a diaper pail for my son's diapers, but we had to put it in the bathroom because the smell was really bad! Now, we put all poppy diapers in these bags and into the trash bin they go into the garage. No more stink! Much cheaper than the muchkin ones I was buying at the store!
When you are changhing a baby you need a lot of things. With this helpfull products, you do not take the risk of leave your chid unattended to reach somethig .I would preffer a more colored material, so it would not be so delicatte.For moms , time  is very important . If they have to wash frecuenttly this garments, it is not very convenient, and it would not last very much .Please use some other colors. I would preffer better not solid color. Something with animals or baby atractive stuff, that will like to watch for the baby while you change him or her.
these are adorable, gender neutral bibs. i bought cloth bibs before my son started eating bc i was trying to be one step ahead of the game. big mistake. cloth bibs are for drool!! these are for food! they're awesome for traveling too because they dry so quickly! we just took one on our 2 week vacation and it suited us just fine. i won't be buying another kind of bib. BUY THIS
I purchased this seat for my parents house, since they talk my daughter once and while (she was a year, at the time of the purchase).  They use it all the time and take it with them at various restaurants and have used it for vacation.  It's a great mini high chair.
The word &#34;Fantastic&#34; pales in description for the bag. Its so convenient, i cant imagine why anyone would buy anything else. Went on a long trip with a 4 year old boy and a 10 mth old boy. There are a lot of bags that are roomy and hold a lot of stuff but what sets this bag apart is the follows:1. Oh the ease of using the wipes!2. Separate compartments with just the right pockets inside3. two separate compartments for bottles (1 for my older boy and the other for my younger). This makes it easy to know where stuff is instead of putting my hand inside the bag and trying to touch and feel things out.4. bag itself is lightweight but very durable.5. Quality of the bag seems good to washing and drying. The yogurt packet exploded in the side pocket (due to my son tripping on it by mistake). It was very easy to wipe clean and we washed the bag and hang dried it.6. comfortable straps
This mirror works so well! From the time I brought my son home from the hospital he hated riding in the car. He would scream the whole time. When I put this mirror in the back seat, it entertained him immediately. It is remote control activated so I can shut it on and off when I need to. The mirror is big as well so I can watch every move that he makes. The characters on the sides light up. This is a must have. I dont' have one complaint about this
My sister passed along some baby items to us when our little one was born, including a Halo sleepsack in newborn size. After realizing that our baby slept much, much better when swaddled, we began using both plain old swaddle blankets (A+A) plus the Halo sleepsack. The light blankets worked well for warmer days and nights, but we needed something cozier for cooler days - and something easier than the blankets for my husband, who can't quite seem to get the knack of swaddling. The sleepsack does the trick. It's soft, warm, and cozy, and so easy to get baby into. Just zip baby in and wrap the arms with the velcro &#34;wings.&#34;Because it's easy to get a tight swaddle, baby breaks free much less when wrapped in this sleepsack than when blanket-swaddled. It's also reassuring to know that this method of swaddling keeps baby's legs loose and is healthy for the hips.When our baby outgrew the newborn size that was handed down to us, we got this one in the next size up, size small. Perfect, again.
I purchased this gate when my son was learning to crawl ... as stuck it on the bathroom door frame to keep him out - it was wonderful!  I could be in the bathroom watching him in the hall as I did my hair or cleaned, without him getting into the toilet or pulling the blowdrier down.  He learned to pull himself up with this gate, and I feel like it is extremely sturdy.  I love that when guests came over, the bathroom door would still shut, and they all loved that it was so easy to use.  The pressure mounts are very secure and were very gentle on both of the appartments we have used it in as well.  This gate now is on our baby's door frame to keep 2 year old big brother out during nap time, but still let mommy hear when the baby needs her.  I love that my tall 35 lb and 39 inch 2 year old can't open it, but that for anyone over 6 that has tried it in my home, it is very simple and effortless! This is a wonderful gate, and I would (and do) recommend it to anyone!  We have used it for over 2 years now, and still love it!
Great for keeping our 1 year old daughter safe. We originally ordered 1, then ordered a second so we had enough to cover the perimeter of the living room. It gives us peace of mind knowing she can't get near the TV or fireplace.
My infant loves lounging for his bath!  It is plush, it helps retain the warmth of the water around him, and is much easier to use and store than a giant baby tub!
If you have a strong kid, this blanket will really keep them swaddled.  That being said, if your kid CAN get out of this swaddle (like mine), maybe they are too big for a swaddle and you need to wean them from it.  Either way, I really liked this product, and would recommend it for babies 4 months and younger to help them stay asleep if they like to be swaddled.
We have been using this tub for our daughter since she was born. We used the mesh sling with her as a newborn then removed it and used the tub on both ends while she was an infant and now as a toddler (11 months). She is getting a bit big and displaces most of the water in it now so we probably will have to go to the big tub soon but it saves so much water to bathe her in this :)
My baby likes to roll around and play on the bed with us, I breastfeed laying down, so these rails come in really handy to prevent falls. They are made quite sturdy, super easy to put together and put away. We will be using this for a while.
Mine came with a gift and it was: socks. I have used the shampoo, the cleansing, lotion and the diaper rash cream so far and they are really nice product, My newborn doesn't dislike the smell, and the cleansing is really really good for those first few weeks that you have a newborn and can't actually bath him.  The smell is very subtle and it just leaves your baby smelling clean and not smelling of something in specific, which I really like, also since you use little portions, it will last a long time, excellent purchase for moms!
My 2 sons used the same Graco 6 speed open top swing (we have a different pattern than the pictured Windsor pattern). I am expecting my 3rd son very soon, so I thought I might try one of these newer model swings i.e Graco Hug swing, Graco Silouette swing, Fisher Price Cradle swing, etc. After careful research and actually looking over them all at Babies R Us and Target, I have come to the conclusion that my "old" swing is better. I like that it is higher off the ground, so I don't have to bend over as far to put my baby in it. Like the newer models (that I suppose are advertised to be improved and better), my older swing has the same recline position, legs fold for storage, snack tray, safety belt, some models have an overhead mobile, music option, and speed varieties. I happen to think the older models can be used for longer. The "Papasan" and "Hug" and "Siloutte" are like a round bucket so when your child is bigger they look as if they are way too big to be in it, but the traditional seats make your child look normal to be in it as they grow. I believe the weight limits are ll the same too in the 25-30 lbs range. I also found that the seat covers on the Graco open top are easy to remove and wash (as most Graco products). Can't see spending $130 for a new swing when I am content with my old $80 swing, it has given me it's worth.
I love this tub and how well it fits in our sink, but more importantly, our daughter loves it!  She was so tiny when we first bathed her, but the net worked perfectly for that.  Now she's almost ready for the sitting up side!  I think the bath is the highlight of her day, and ours too, because no matter how much she's crying, we can put her in this and she's happy.  I love that she can't really go anywhere, and that it's padded so she seems really comfortable.  Definitely worth the money, even at this point, and I think we'll still get a lot of use out of it!
Great product, excellent price, easy to cleanup, simple to attach to chair. Just a good product.  I seen reviews about people complaining about the seat being to hard.  What the hell do they eat in, a lazyboy, yeah probably i guess.  Dinner time is about eating, and sharing time with your family.  Not sitting in front of the tv or having your kid fall asleep in their booster seat because it has 8" of padding and made of leather.  Buy this, feed your kid, & have a glass of wine because you made it through another day.
Baby has had less gas and fussiness since we have been using these bottles.  Quick cleanup, quick fill up.  Love the nipple variety too.Because of the liners, it is easy to keep two of these bottles in use and not clutter up the kitchen with bottle pieces, etc.Would highly recommend.
I loves this swaddle me!  It works really well, once baby gets a little older he can start to wriggle out but if wrapped nice and snug it works really well.  Our baby slept in this until he was almost 6 months old and he slept so much better than without a swaddle.  Unlike swaddle clothes this stays snug longer and prevents escape better!
We initially bought this sterilizer for use with our first child born in 2005. I loved it then, but I'm even more impressed with some updated details in the version we just bought for our second child. Before, putting on and removing the lid used to be a bit awkward. Now, easy-to-use latches have made doing both completely hassle-free. The inner steam tray also has more slots and spots that make arranging items easier. The older version was very similar but did not have specialized "compartments" to such an extent. All in all, it remains an extremely easy product to use because if I had to sit there sterilizing by boiling water and whatnot, it surely would not get done. That the sterilizer comes with bottles is pure bonus. I'd buy the steamer alone.
I bought this (finally) before taking a trip with my 5 month old which involved flying.  Until then, the extent of my nursing in "public" consisted of either the ladies' lounge at Nordstrom, the car in random parking lots, or (twice, in a pinch), a handicapped stall in a bathroom.  Never again!  I'm a VERY private person, but I made my husband check out whether this was full coverage, and he promised it was totally covering everything that I didn't want out on display (including my tummy/back where I pulled up my shirt).  It worked great on the plane, in the airport, and also in restaurants.  It's much better than just using a blanket, since it can't be pulled or fall off your shoulder.  Also, the boning really does work--you can see your baby easily, and you can see to put your clothes back together when you are finished.  As an added bonus, it was fantastic to get my baby to sleep on the plane, it blocked out all the lights and stimulation so she could get a nap.  I just wish I had bought it 5 months sooner!
The bear is cute, and it really does help my preemie son sleep... it is comforting to me too, to know it is there and if he cries it comes on by itself... I like the silkie idea too... I had read that some NICUs recommend this type of bonding aide... they arent supposed to think it is you, but it helps soothe them with your smell... We used to do that with pets, I never imagined it could work for babies too!!! I recommend this.
These bibs are very durable and nicely cover the whole front of our 13 month old daughter.  Also, the "sleek" fabric is easily wipeable (and don't stain), and because the bibs are not hard or plasticky, they lay nicely and don't bunch up in my toddlers face while sitting. Love 'em!
Bought this for my 2 y/o for potty training. She tells us &#34;I need to go potty&#34; and uses it just fine. Although she doesn't climb up it all on her own, we plop her on the seat. But she feels safe and secure with the little handles and a place to put her feet. She does great at home (only 1 soggy diaper yesterday and that was after a nap!).She was refusing to go potty at the day care though, they only have a little potty that sits on the ground... like a little bucket. I don't blame her for not wanting to go there! But I got her a second one of these to keep at the day care. Just took it there this morning and within the hour I had a message on my phone of her happily saying &#34;Mommy! I used the potty!&#34; and the day care gal telling me that she had already gone #2. SO... Yay! This seat works great for us.The seat fits great on the toilet at the day care, it's just a regular toilet.At our home we have the elongated toilets that sit a bit higher as well. The seat fits nice on it, but the legs don't reach the floor in a great place, so the blue foot pedestal is a bit slanted. Other than that, we love it!
the feeder works great for my 7 months old. i use this mainly at home since it does not come with a cap/cover. it's not as hard to clean as i though it would be. i just wash it right of way after the baby is done and no problem. the handle is easy for the baby to grasp. all in all i like the product and would recommend it.
I had originally registered for another tub bit it was a major dissapointment. It leaked and it was not a good size for my little man.  I needed a tub that would be good for my very small son.  I decided on this tub and I have to say I am very happy.  This tub comes with a sling that can be used while they are newborn and thenyou can remove it and then use the tub in the other two positions that is made for.  Great tub and worth every penny  My son loves to take his baths in this since the sling makes him feel safe.  The other tub he cried like life as we know it was ending.
Great base that fits perfect with my car seat. I brought this one so that my mother and husband could have their own base so they would not have to strap the car seat in the hard way. Just one snap and the car seat and base are connected. Easy as pie
My son isn't crazy about swings (We've tried a few at friends' houses) but when I catch him in the right mood this is a lifesaver.  The music choices are great and not terribly annoying.  Being able to switch directions is really handy when he gets bored.  And of course, the main reason this is the best swing out there... it plugs in to the wall!There are a couple of flaws though.  First, I had to remove the tray because my son's feet kept getting stuck on top of it when he kicked.  Even with the seat belt on he was getting stuck in it.  Maybe it will be useful when he's more interested in toys, I don't know.  He's only 2 months old now.  Second is that it only turns to 90 degrees.  I wish it would turn a full 180 simply because the way our living room is set up, I can't turn the swing around to let my son look at the fish tank because it's on the right hand side of the swing and the swing only spins to the left.
I bought this to have an extra changing pad cover for my son's nursery. I was worried it may not match -- it's hard to truly decipher a color when looking at it on a computer. I'm happy that it is pretty much the same shade as the two covers we already have! Plus, it's much softer than the ones I currently own. My son will be comfy laying on this during diaper changes, for sure!
I absolutley love this thing and am thinking about ordering a second one.  The price is right!  The shelves are height adjustable and it spins smoothly.  Baby is 8 months old and has stages 1, 2 and 3 jarred foods that all fit on here (stage 3 are twice the size of stage one).  And what an awesome idea to store spoons at the top!!  Now I don't have to worry about additional germs getting on the spoons.  If you have limited kitchen counter space, this food organizer is IDEAL for you! Get 2!
These work well and are easy to clean. The velcro allows room for adjustment and it seems be comfortable for her.
Worth every cent! I thought about trying to make a cover myself ... SO glad I didn't! It is super easy to put on and it keeps the wind completely out. My daughter seems really happy and warm! Great purchase that I do not regret one bit.
I use this with my Graco snugride 32 car seat in Zurich and it is super easy to set up and get going. Everything you need to unfold or needs to snap into place on the frame is red colored which coordinates with the Graco car seat; it is fast to set up once you practice a couple times. I am also a big weakling and I have to say it is very easy to maneuver this stroller, it feels lightweight not heavy at all. I am 5'3 and find the height perfect (the handlebars can be adjusted).My only caveat is that I wish the basket sat a little lower and deeper so it would be easier to place and retrieve the diaper bag (we use a backpack).
We purchased these when our son was about a month old. he had colic and gas problems even after we switched him to gentle ease formula, We had to give him gas drops after every feeding and sometimes it did not help. We purchased these and within three days he had no gas and the colic was alot better. We love these and plan to use them with every child we have. They are a hassle to put togather in the middle of the night so i assemble and fill mine with water after i wash them and just add formula when needed. Little tip rince them out after each use and rince other dishes well when washing in the dishwasher togather because they will discolor. Well worth the hassle though :o)
I have owned 4 separate carriers, this one, a sling, the amazing Ergo everyone is raving about here, and a camping one for long hikes. To all new moms out there trying to decide, it all comes down to preference. And know that no matter what, the baby carrier will hurt your shoulders. I don't know why some people wear theirs in the house, that seems unnecessary to me when a child can be in a play area within eye shot. At least there they are letting out energy, sorry, I'm getting off topic.This carrier is amazing because the kid can face out. They love to look at the world around them. Bjorn makes some that try to shift the weight to your hips but they are more expensive. The Ergo is designed that way but I still found my shoulders would get sore after a while. The biggest pro for this one for moms that had c-sections is that there is nothing pressing on your waist/stomach. It's all in your shoulders. So if that's your birth route, you might want to invest in this one for those first weeks after you get home.
I believe that this product would prevent a child from tampering with a power strip, but the plastic is quite thin and I was worried as I used it that it would break. As I was installing it I tried to be very careful as it seemed as though the plastic was quite thin.
This is a nice looking giraffe but the sounds could be better. They are not loud enough. Also, the volume control is not that easy to turn especially when you are half asleep at night. It is hard to grab.
This mini Sleep Sheep is just darling!  I bought it for my daughter so she would have one like her brother's but I liked the idea of a smaller one so it would take up less room in the crib than the original one had.  It is really cute.I like the sounds on it a lot better too.  No more heartbeat sound, it has been replaced by a babbling brook which I prefer so much better since the heart on the full model never sounded quite right in my opinion.The timed modes are great (up to 45 minutes) so that you do not waste batteries.
I didn't want to get her because she seemed so expensive.  Plus there was a lot of hype and really, I thought it was stupid. I was wrong.  My son loves her and I'm so glad I got it.  As with any toy, watch  your baby with it.  I can see how the legs could cause them to choke.
I like these a lot.  Nice bright colors, nice lightweight soft fabric, good value for a 10-pack.  They don't leak through, even with teething drool.  BUT.  Two problems:  1)  The cotton terrycloth is pretty absorbent which is good on the one hand, but also means that they stay wet, so even if they aren't soaking through, the baby's chin is sitting on wetness.  So I go through several of these per day.  2) The hook-and-loop closure is arranged so the hard scratchy portion is facing up, so you have to be really careful that you have perfectly closed these because otherwise you get scratches on the back of the baby's head.  What this will mean is that as the baby gets older and his neck gets bigger, and maybe you need to use less overlap, you will have to put them on backwards.  No biggie, but it's hard to remember this sort of thing sometimes and would be an easy thing for the company to change.
This arrived nicely sealed with all parts.  One note is that the shields are one piece with the connector, so you can't switch the shield to a smaller size.  I would have liked this kit better if you could order it with smaller shield sizes, and if it included the tubing.  Overall I wish Medela had more kit options--there was no way to order just what I needed.
I have a 3 1/2 year old and a 1 1/2 year old and have had my fare share of sippy cups to use clean sometimes throw many away. I use to think that using the soft sippy cups  was a great transition from bottles..NOT!! these are the best they are easy to clean they dont leak everywhere and they hold the perfect amount of liquid. I have found that children with teeth chew on the soft tip and it is no longer leek proof which makes night time a big pain, anyways these are awsome and i defiantly recommend them. I got the purple and pink one since they very but i didnt mind its not like having a pink sippy cup makes my son gay or anything so people are so silly
In what ended up being one of the best decisions we made in terms of product purchases since becoming parents, my wife and I discovered the glory of the HALO SleepSacks when we bought the newborn sized ones with the built in velcro swaddle. The swaddlers sleepsacks took the headache, hassle, and difficulty out of swaddling. We were sold and have been buying SleepSack products in larger and larger sizes as our son grows up.He has slept in a HALO SleepSack product every single cool or cold night since the day he was born. They are extremely high quality, they hold up perfectly wash after wash. He looks comfortable and sleeps soundly while wearing this sleepsack. We have this micro-fleece version for the coldest nights, and the thinner cotton versions for the more mild nights. The design of these SleepSacks is incredible. The SleepSacks zip from the top on down, keeping the zipper at the bottom of the SleepSack where your child cannot easily find it and unzip it, and it also won't be a bother for children who sleep on their stomachs. And it's nice knowing that this product is much safer and provides way more peace of mind than putting a blanket in the crib.This particular one now marks the sixth HALO product we have purchased in the first 14 months of our sons life. We will no doubt be purchasing the larger sizes as he grows, and are sold for life.
There isn't much more a parent could ask for in a baby toy!  High-contrast black and white patterns on the back intrigued my son as a newborn.  Now he's 3-months-old and he loves the crinkly wings and grabbing hold of the rings.  and the red dangly thing.  I expect that he'll discover other aspects of this toy as time goes on.  I always take it with us on car-trips because it keeps him entertained.  Totally a great purchase!
Good mirror, good image quality and stays in place. The vibrations of the car don't seem to affect it at all.Easy to install too.
My now 3 month old new grandson is just learning to grab and hold onto things and loves all 5 of these toys when he comes to visit his Nana, which is practically daily.  Thank You they're everything I expected and more.
These do their job. They are a little difficult to pull out of the socket when you need to use it, but that's the point. :)
I installed two of these in about an hour.  It would have been easier with two people The hole punchers included aren't great but the get the job done.  The guard covered most of my railing from the base up to about an inch from the top rail.  If you are going to cover a long section (20 ft), it can be difficult to get the full length to stay flat.  What I did was punch a hole along the top every 2 feet and used a zip tie pulled through the hole over the top rail to hang the sheet of plastic making sure the sheet was level and pulled tight horizontally.  Then I went to the bottom and every third vertical pole I punched a hole on either side of the pole  as far in as the hole punch would reach and zip tied the sheet to the pole.  Then I cut the top zip ties and slid the plastic sheet down so that it rested level on the bottom and punched holes along the top a the same intervals at the bottom.  Two holes every third pole and zip tied around the pole.  They supply plenty of zip-ties so you can afford to make a few mistakes.  The plastic is stiff but not so stiff that it breaks.  The babies haven't defeated it yet.
These sheets appear to be nice, quality, crisp percale sheets so as that was as expected. However, the color was much darker than the photos. The color is more of a turquoise than the light aqua image on Amazon.
This rattle is adorable! It's the perfect size for tiny hands, and although my baby hasn't reached the age where he can actually hold things yet, he likes to hug it to his chest and he likes looking at it when I make it rattle. Aside from it being a rattle, it's really well made and is just too stinkin' cute! We collect turtles, so this is a baby toy that will probably remain out with our collection instead of getting packed up once the baby outgrows it.
Our son loves this bouncer.  Other reviews say the toys hang too low, but I found that helpful when he was small.  He started hitting the bird and grabbing the rings the first week!  All the other toys we had were too far away for him.  Now that he's 9 weeks, he likes to watch the waterfall.  Be careful not to leave the sounds on the activate button if they fall asleep.  Sometimes he would kick the toys and the music would startle him when it turned on.  Only problem is that sometimes the vibrating makes a loud noise.
This is very easy to put on the faucet..thought it would be more protective so my daughter could not mess with the faucet but that's why you always watch your kids in the tub. The color looks great and adds a little something to the faucet. Would buy again.
I live this brand of breast feeding essentials. This is an easy to use/clean breastshield was a lifesaver for me. Beware of breastmilk forming in the nipple nozzle when cleaning.
Love these liners--quick prep, easy feeding and makes bottle clean up a breeze, especially if you forget a bottle in the car or find one under the bed from a late night half awake feeding--you don't have to throw the bottle away because of the yuck.
Easy to install, I use it just as pressure and no hardware mounted to the wall but it's still sturdy and works well.  Just lift and it'll close itself.
I like these bottles better than the Premium Nursers. Here's why:1. They don't break as easily when dropped (or thrown!)2. The caps are more streamlined and work for all different types of nipples. The clear domed caps on the Premiums don't work with the orthodontic nipple, and that's all I use.I would have rather received 2 of these sets instead of one of the Premium sets I got.
I used this for until my baby could sit up in the regular bathtub on her own. I was trying to avoid buying a bunch of bulky baby items that would require storing between baby births. So I opted for this for our first baby. It is so light weight and small so it's easy to store away until our next baby needs it. It worked great for just laying in our regular bathtub and you can just hang it on the shower head to dry. It comes with a hook to hang it up. I would definitely recommend it.
I live in an area where it's hard to find anything.  Every store had stages 2 and 3, but I had a hard time finding the size 1.  It did come fast and do the job.  I only wish I was able to use the coupons I had!
I have really enjoyed having this item. When my infant was having trouble sleeping on her back because of acid reflux this pillow saved me. I have used the same pillow for my second daughter as well. It said it couldn't be washed and I thought that was gross to just spot clean. I washed it in my high efficiency washer and it came out just fine. I run a daycare now and have bought a second one for the other infant in my care. Neither of my daughters have slipped around in it, it holds them firmly in place. Now that my daughter is learning to sit up I put her in it and she sits up and plays but if she falls over the pillow catches her. I have owned this for a year and a half and I have no rips in it. It is also great for when they get a cold. It sits them up enough to let the mucas flow instead of clogging them up.
These became a fashion accessory for my 4 month old drooler.  They work great, handling spit-up and drool well, and large enough to catch most spills but small enough not to bother him, and great colors.
I got this for my son's first birthday and it was an instant hit. He loves to chase this ball around the house! The little "people" that pop out as it rolls makes it more exciting than a regular ball.
This little toy is babies new favorite. Two legs crackle and two have chime. The best one is the belly, that just makes baby laugh!Two month old spends time trying to grab the feet, a joy to watch!The only downer is that the Fur can get difficult to clean and dry!
For my last 2 babies I used the Medela Freestyle and although it worked, it was really the only pump I'd ever used so I didn't have much to compare.  This time around, I'm breastfeeding exclusively (I pumped with my other 2 ) and needed a pump that was just for storing some extra.  This little sucker does the trick.  I can pump 8 ounces in less than 5 minutes with this thing.  It's really easy to clean and very smooth moving and quiet.  Couldn't ask for much more.
My husband and I swaddled our son for about the first 4 months and then we just had him sleeping without a blanket in heavy pajamas- Our son is very hot natured and the pajamas didn't work out.  We then began covering him with a blanket that he would kick off many times during the night leaving us waking up in shifts to recover him with.  Our house is old and difficult to keep perfectly climate controlled so we were always worried about him being too hot or too cold.  After getting this sleep sack our son is sleeping on average 1 1/2 hours longer than before since he no longer wakes up uncomfortable.  I have a niece or nephew due at the end of this year, and he or she is getting a sleep sack in every size!  I wish I had of known about these wonderful things when we brought him home from the hospital.
If you see this more as a toy than a crib/playpen, I think you will be satisfied.  It is designed for occasional periods through the day, not as a place to leave your baby.  I can rock it easily from my chair (using my foot) and it is built with enough stability to keep me from worrying about a rollover.  It can also be set in a fixed position, but I use it mainly for the rocking motion.  The overall engineering is good, but I would recommend an upgrade to the "toy" bar.  The items there are not baby-fascinating, but they could be.  I'd like to see the sticker-covered plastic bits replaced with soft, dangly, *detachable*, *washable* toys.Consider this rocker for a newborn, and you'll get your money's worth as it transitions to toddler-size.
I first got this for my 6month old son, after reading the "Diaper free before 3" book. In India, the grandmothers start potty training the babies well around 4-5 months when they start sitting with support. In the same aspect, I got this chair just to make sure my son sits on the potty chair when parents use the bathroom and it worked very well. I am writing this review since I dint see any other reviews for kids as young as 6 months.The first day, as soon as me and my son got up, we went to the bathroom and sat on our own potty chairs, surprisingly, he peed in this, on the first day only! From then on we are repeating it every day and he seems to understand he has to pee to get out of that chair and hence does it. He likes to sit on this one, as it has the backrest, and armrest for both of his arms and his foot has not yet touched the floor but, its good enough for him. In a way, its good that his foot has not touched the floor yet, as he doesnt try to stand up :-). He has one of his squirty friends or a book in his hands to keep him happy. Even if he tries to reach for something on the either side, the chair doesnt trip and it holds well.Every single time, I put him on this, any time of day, he pees assuming thats what I want him to do. Pooping, we have not started yet, but so far it has been easy to clean and the splash guard does work great, remove the inner seat and wash it in warm water, and its even sanitized!Its been about a month since I got the first potty and here I am ready to buy my second one for the bathroom on the first floor. I got the Fisher-Price Precious Planet Froggy Friend Potty but he doesnt like it since it has no back or arm rest! He wouldnt sit on it even once, and its going back to Amazon today while I order my second potty chair!
Received two gingham sheets.  Nice understated pattern.  I'm happy with the quality.  They keep baby cool during the horribly long AZ summers.
He does not love it, but he chews on it and bangs it all over, so I guess he likes it :)
My daughter has outgrown her crib and therefore also her crib light up toys.  She was used to having something soothing to distract her.  We got the turtle and she loves it.  We make choosing which of the three colors she wants as part of our bedtime routine.  I really like that the light lasts for 45 minutes, not just 5 minutes like many other night time toys/lights.  The only thing that would make it completely perfect is if it also made night sounds.  We ended up getting a separate sound machine also.  Would highly recommend
This set is great for a baby that is a few months old and is drinking more.  I received the neutral kit that included green and yellow bottles that would be appropriate for either a boy or girl. You get three 9 ounce bottles with fast flow nipples.  I have the newborn Playtex kit and continue to use the slow flow nipples because my baby is a fast eater and this helps her slow down. The nipples are also supposed to be naturally shaped to aid in breastfeeding, but my baby is exclusively fed pumped milk, so I cannot attest to that ability.The bottles are different because of the Ventaire technology. The bottom of the bottle twists off and a rubber vent fits inside. Make sure you twist the bottom on correctly, or milk will leak. They are a little stiff, but after more use it is easier to twist them off and on. Tiny holes in the bottom of the bottle allow air to escape, so your baby is not taking in extra air while eating. I saw bubbles popping and could hear the air escaping while my baby ate. Very cool.The bottles are shaped with a angle which allows for mothers to hold the baby in a more upright position while eating. This helps reduce gas and supposedly colic. It comes into narrow sides that the baby can grip when it is able.All of the bottles come with caps that fit very tightly, making transporting milk easier. Cleaning is easy, just twist off the top and bottom and remove the nipples and vents.  All parts have held up well through multiple washings.I would highly recommend these bottles. I have also used Avent, and they are good, but I do believe the Ventaire technology has made my baby less gassy and less fussy.
My baby has always used Evenflo nipples.  At 3 months, he was having a hard time getting the milk to flow through the 0-3 month nipples, so we bought some of the 3-6 month and 6+month nipples.  The 6 month nipples flowed too fast even at 5 months, but now that he's 6 months, they work perfectly for him.
These sealing discs are great for traveling. They provide your Avent bottles the perfect airtight seal with no leaks, so long as you remember to use the blue ring. All you have to do is push these through the larger white ring on your Avent bottle and once you hear a small pop, you know that it's in place. Then screw it close, it's that simple. These discs also make your bottles smaller and easier to pack in your diaper bag/cooler as well, since you don't have to use the nipple and cap. Sometimes it's just easier to pack the bottles with the discs and store the nipples/caps separately.You get a set of six per pack, which for most, is more than enough. They're easy to clean, don't stain or warp, and store easily too. So long as you don't forget to use the blue ring on your bottle and properly use the discs, these sealing discs won't leak out any milk.This is a good buy if you can get it on sale on the site, otherwise look elsewhere for a better price. It's great for parents who are on the go and are looking to store baby bottles more efficently.
I have a 4 year old who is small for her age. I wanted her to be able to sit properly at the table at meal time but she couldn't reach our table.  I wanted a booster seat that didn't look too &#34;baby-ish&#34;.  This is great because there is no belt, she finds it very comfortable and can get in and out of it on her own.  Would work just as well for a 2 or 3 year old.  I love all the colors it comes in, but ended up going with the Charcoal Grey because I was afraid of it developing food stains over time.  Very happy with this product.
I purchased both Mortimer the Moose andLamaze Freddie the Fireflybefore my son was born. The moose is quite soft, cuddly and just the right size for my son to hold and play with. He loves looking at and chewing on Mortimer's colorful hooves (the hooves crinkle and chime when squeezed). The teether antlers are large and made of a soft rubber gentle enough for delicate gums.  We always take Mortimer with us on long road trips, it will occupy and entertain my son when he becomes fussy in his car seat. Buy Mortimer the Moose, your child will love it too!
They sell so much stuff for the little ones first baths...this is all anyone needs! I use this in the tub and in my shower daily. She is now 5 months and still fits just fine. Only complaint is that it comes with a stupid warning label right where their head goes....messing up cute photos....oh well.
I was swaddling my baby in a regular receiving blanket until I received this as a gift. To be honest I found the receiving blanket was better for the newborn as it was easy to wrap around him and he stayed put. When baby turned 12wks old I started watching for tiredness to set him down for regular naps and this coincided with reading that wide open eyes and flailing, moving limbs are signs of over-stimulation and tiredness. Realising this, I started swaddling him again, this time in the miracle blanket because he was too big and strong for receiving blankets. Now that he does not have legs waving around and fingers poking him in the face he settles down quickly, relaxes and drifts off to sleep while I sit with him talking and singing quietly.He even settled down and started drifting off to sleep one day after a crying jag that I thought was due to tiredness. I realised that I miscalculated the time and it had been three hours not two since he had last been fed so he was hungry not sleepy! Babies sure can get their message across. But the point is that the blanket settled him when he was not actually tired but was crying for another reason.I was using the flaps to fold his arms across the front of his body. It was not until I looked up this product to buy one for a friend (and write this review) that I saw his arms are meant to go along his sides. I had thought it had one flap too many but those directions make sense. The long flap is a little long. I put it over him, then under him and just let the excess lay beside him. Sometimes I just fold it over him and push a little of it under his back to hold it down.I recommend this soft, comfortable miracle blanket and am about to buy one for a friend.
My daughter is 4 months old and this is a great first doll!  Small and soft, it's perfect for her age!
These are perfect for my daughter's nursery to hold diapers and some of her stuffed animals.  They are sturdy and I loved how I could pick different bow colors.  I recommend these.
At first, I wasn't sure if this seat would work as it doesn't have side handles and the splash guard seemed too high. However, after three months of regular use, my 2.5 year old son has no problems with it and it fits nice and snugly on our Toto toilets.
Clipping baby nails is one of the most stressful things. This nail clipper is small, but handles very well and the thicker handles make it an easier process. Well-made... we have been using ours for over 2 years without problems.
I got this stroller to use with my infant (Graco snugride car seat), and 2 1/2 year old daughter.  I knew a traditional double stroller wouldn't be great for us since my toddler likes to get out frequently.  We have used the stroller for 9 months now and love it.  My husband's first comment when he opened the package was that the stroller is very sturdy!  The metal frame definitely is heavy duty.Pros:-It collapses small: just as small as my original travel system stroller and fits fine in my Kia Spectra's small trunk.  I really don't think you are going to find a more compact folding double stroller.-Handles are tall, a plus for my 6'3" husband.-Good price!-Good for walking, we live on a trail and go for a lot of walks, the stroller rides and steers nicely.Con:-There is really very little room for the back seat, when I use an infant carrier in the front or have the front seat reclined there is very little room for my older child to sit.  However she has never complained and it has worked fine for us.-The basket is small and hard to access since its below the bench seat.-It would be nice if the parent organizing console came with the stroller, we did purchase this as well and I am glad I did.-The infant car seat doesn't lock into this stroller, instead it sits on an optional attachment.-The canopy and infant carrier need to be removed for this stroller to fold up compactly, it is a pain to remove them every time.Overall a great stroller, I would purchase this stroller again.
I bought these about a year ago, when i just started giving my baby solids. A year later, I still use them to freeze uniform portions of cut up meat and sweet water for teething. Very easy maintanance as well. Just wash under water or stick on top shelf of dish washer. Best spent $$$ for baby food accessory
These little boats have turned out to be a good purchase with our grandchildren for both bath time and pool time. They are colorful and cute, and the variety makes for good play time.
As soon as we started using the Imse Vimse training pants, we loved them. They are such high quality for the money. The cotton is really thick and comfortable, it's organic and the prints are so cute. Plus, they hold up REALLY well even with lots of laundering. I know I'll be able to use these with younger siblings. They are perfect for day training and at night we pair them with a Bummis Whisper Pant or fleece pull up. When our son is night trained, we'll eliminate the covers all together. Even though are really thick and absorbent, the Imse Vimse pants look and feel kind of like "big kid" underwear.
My baby really love this toy. It has all that she needs and will grow with it. I'm really happy with this product
kind of a pain to install but do prevent our toddler from getting into cabinets. stiff at first but with use become easier to push down to open a cabinet.
My wife and I recently took our two boys (2/1) on a 7 day cruise to Alaska.  This meant living in a small ship cabin for one week all together in the presence of dirty diapers.I read some of the reviews on here and figured it was worth a shot for the price.I have to say, these worked PERFECTLY.Fill, tie a few quick knots, throw away.  We didn't smell anything coming from the bags all week.Now the smell while filling the bags was a different story...wheew :-)Seriously. Pick these up, they'll work.
This product fit my contoured changing pad well, but it's a very thin material. So, it doesn't absorb much. Holds up fine through washing/drying. Ordered this product because it was the only changing pad cover in the color I wanted that I could find.
I needed a bathtub that would work for both my infant son and my 3.5 year old daughter.  My daughter freaks out in the bathtub, and I thought that getting a smaller tub would help her to feel more secure.  I also needed a new infant tub.  I really like the size of this tub, because it is huge (though it still fits easily into my standard size tub).  It has a nice contoured reclined position on one side to hold my infant son, yet the sitting position on the opposite side provides ample space for my 3.5 year old daughter.  This is the second time I have purchased a Primo brand product (the first time was a Primo potty), and I have been very pleased both times.  I think that the plastic could be a little bit thicker, but I think it is durable enough to withstand several years of use.
Baby gift for my grandson who isn't here yet. The parents chose this, I know they all will love it.
This is great looking and very functional, however I wish it were slightly padded for baby to lay on, and it is always very cold so my daughter doesn't love it.  It works really well though and it large enough for larger babies and kids!
This particular starter set of Playtex Drop-Ins is a great place to start if you're looking for an economical way to sample a wide variety of nipple types and the Drop-Ins system as a whole. We did not need to purchase additional Drop-In bottles because of the quick and easy clean-up, although we did purchase extra nipples of the type our daughter preferred. We have used both the Playtex VentAire and Playtex Drop-In bottles for the past year as we switched between breastfeeding and bottle feeding with my daughter, who has just reached her first birthday. Of the two, Playtex VentAire has been my favorite bottle for transitioning between breastfeeding and bottle feeding, although neither has caused the dreaded "nipple confusion." In both cases, we use the slow flow variety of nipple for each bottle type. This is how the two compare:1. The Drop-Ins win hands-down for convenient clean-up and are thus our favorite to travel with. Throw out the old liner, pop in a new one, fill it up, and you're ready to go - easy to do even in the backseat of a car with a crying baby. No bottle brush or hot, soapy water needed.2. The VentAire slow flow nipples are much slower than the Drop-In slow flow nipples, which we have found is preferable for a baby that is accustomed to breastfeeding (more control over the milk flow, and thus less gagging and spitting up).3. Once a baby learns how to hold the bottle themselves, we have discovered that the VentAire bottle with a slow flow nipple can be flung wildly around and does not leak. However, the Drop-Ins bottle with a slow flow nipple leaks everywhere when it is turned upside-down (and baby WILL turn it upside-down). This is less of an issue if there will be parental supervision.4. Our daughter can feed herself from both the VentAire and Drop-In bottles, but it is a bit easier for her to handle the VentAire. She can feed herself one-handed while sleep-eating with the VentAire by grasping the recessed bottle bottom and holding it straight up in the air. The Drop-In bottle requires her to use two hands due to the fact it is wider, and if she falls asleep, the bottle is dropped and leaks wherever it lands.Both the Playtex Drop-In and Playtex VentAire bottles are nice sets, and we have appreciated having both types to choose from to enjoy the perks of both. For convenience and fast clean-up, the Playtex Drop-In system wins. For fewer leaks and more baby autonomy, the Playtex VentAire bottles get our vote.
it is good mobile ..  I was expecting maybe a couple of lights at top ( moving  part ) but is does the job ..
i ordered 1 pack to try.  they are soft enough for the babies and waterproof so my teething toddler's clothes aren't wet (and sometimes they like to spit out their water too).  the velcro really sticks, so my kids can't yank them out.  I've had them for about 6 months now & still look like new.  I've order a few packs since i have 3 kids to use them on.
I had this at the top of long, very steep stairs in a loft apartment with my toddler. Worked well, no accidents or mishaps with this gate. Really happy with this product.
My baby boy loves this toy.  It's a great size for them to grab, chew and look it.  Very bright and colorful.  We hook it onto the car seat, stroller, everywhere we go!
We received this as a gift and love it! It warms the wipes nicely. When we use unwarmed wipes my baby gets more upset at changes. Perhaps we are spoiling him. ;-) He is a winter baby so I'm sure he appreicates our efforts to keep his tushy warm.The only time I have had problems with wipes drying out is when I have over filled it and the lid doesn't close tightly or I have accidently left it open. When that happens, I have just added a bit of water and it restores them nicely. I found that the bottom wipe does turn brown but only when I keep adding the fresh wipes to the top and the bottom ones were older. Now I remove the whole remaining stack and add new ones to the bottom. Even if they are slightly brown, it just looks weird. I'm pretty sure the wipes are just fine.I do wish that it came with a pop-up adapter or something. I like the Pamper's pop-up wipes but find it difficult to pull one out because they are inner-folded and stick together. It works better with the Huggies wipes.The only other issue is that the lid collects condensed water and I am afraid of it leaving a puddle on our furniture. So, I place it on a folded face towel and that seems to work.Overall despite the few minor issues mentioned I am very pleased with this product.
i just saw this product at Target for $12.00 more than what i paid here, this is a great tray and a wonderful product for anyone with a baby/toddler, buy it here cause in any store you will pay more.
When our 10 month old daughter started solids a few months ago, her pediatrician recommended introducing water in a sippy cup at meals.  Apparently the current recommendation is that babies should be transitioned from bottles to cups by 1 year, and by offering her water she would learn to use a cup by the time she needed to make the switch.We picked up these sippy cups because we use Playtex Nursers for her breast milk at daycare and have been happy with the quality and value.  We liked that they were spill proof and had handles to make it easier for her to hold the cup.  She does prefer an open cup but it requires a lot of parental/caregiver effort to help her drink from one without spilling everywhere, so these sippies are a good choice all around.  It took her some time to figure out the cup but she's a pro at it now.They don't leak if you assemble them properly.  She can bang the darned thing upside down on her high chair tray and it won't leak a drop!  I have no idea why other reviewers have trouble cleaning these and have had the opposite experience. We have never had problems with mold or mildew, but to be fair she only drinks water from a cup (no juice at all, and she gets breastmilk from the tap or in a bottle) and we empty the cups after every use and wash them often. They're inexpensive so we were able to buy two 2-packs and have two at home and two for the daycare rotation.She will be transitioning to a straw-type cup for breast milk at daycare in another month or two, around her birthday.  We're using theThe First Lil' Gripper Twist 'n Click Straw Cupnow as a trainer cup for this purpose.
My son is four weeks old and he loves to be in this tub.  I like the sling which keeps him secure, it drains really nice and overall I highly recommend this product.  The only future issue I see is the size of it.  My baby is not big but he is long (23 inches at birth) and his feet are already getting to the end of the sling, so I am not sure how much longer we will be able to use that.
First and foremost, it does what it purports to do: contains diaper stink. It can smell a bit when opened to change the bag (umm, it is full of dirty diapers, afterall), but it contains the stink beautifully while closed and in use. I also spray it with Lysol and let it air dry each time I change the bag, but that's probably overkill on my part.Second, it uses ANY bags. Personally, we find Target bags (the kind they bag your stuff in at the checkout) to work very well. The handles loop over the 'tabs' inside the Champ (yes, they're still there - to answer a prior review), and then tie up quite nicely to pitch. Plus, they're completely free (a big plus in my book).There's also no 'trick' to using it. No twisting this way or that. No pushing far enough down in. No mashing down of any handle to make it work. Just drop the rolled up diaper in the opening and flip the handle, the weighted cylinder does the rest. I do recommend making sure that everything is contained (ie. wipes, etc are rolled up in the dirty diaper), but that's just my preference.BEST of all - this one's a BREEZE to open. The old one took some force to wrangle open to change the bag. Now all you need to do is push the button and lift. SO much easier, and a huge improvement to an already great diaper pail.
I got this Snuzzler for a babyshower gift and was so excited. I soon realized that it was way to big and bulky for our newborns carseat. I took others advice and put it in the stroller, and our swing and it is great! Our little girl was born small, only 6lbs 2oz and it held her perfectly! Over all I am happy with this product!
We've tried a number of potties for kids, and this is by far the best brand and design. There's also a version without a &#34;chair&#34; back that is equally good; we have them both.PROS:-- ergonomic, comfortable for toddlers and even infants if you are doing elimination communication-- all molded plastic design makes it easy to keep clean, no cushion to get soggy-- insert lifts out for easy dumping into adult toilet, fits in sink for washing clean-- sturdy base ensures your kid will not tip it over, even if wiggly-- spray guard works well for boys but still is small enough to let kids get on easilyCONS-- your toddler may not want to transition to big toilet because these are so comfortableI really can't think of any cons for these potties.  We have one in each bathroom, and when my son was learning, we kept one in his bedroom as well.  We have a smaller version of this one that stays in the back of our car for those unforeseen &#34;I have to go potty NOW&#34; incidents.  They are so sturdy, are easy to clean and maintain, and my toddler can even empty this one easily himself without making a mess.  Some potties have cushions and other moving parts, making it really complicated to disassemble for emptying.  This one is a breeze.Also, the bowl is oval shaped and plenty long enough to accommodate larger toddlers without having positioning issues.  I've seen some that have a tiny circular opening, which is really awkward, especially for boys, to make sure nothing misses...GREAT FOR EC - If you do elimination communication or infant pottying, these are great.  The insert can be removed and held in your lap -- used as a top hat potty -- until your child is old enough to sit freely on the potty.I absolutely LOVE these potties because they are so practical, simple to use, and child friendly.  My toddler prefers this style to all the other ones he's tried.  No gimmicks, just a potty.  What you need.
This is a really great product... With just a little bit of water it sterilize everything really fast and it turn off by itself...And it's big enought to put almost everything you  want to... I really prefer this one instead of the microwave one because the other one is smaller, what means that you have to spend more electricity because you have to sterilize more times!!! And not even try to boil the bottles in the stove .... believe me, you would forget to turn it off... That has happend to me a thousand times in my mother's house!!
i could sit there all day squeaking it.  baby loved it from the get go... great texture and parts for teething and easy grip with the neck.  too bad my little guy threw him overboard while in the stroller... unbeknownst to the adult present :(
These cups are awesome they dont leak and my 3 year old loves them.  She can drink out if a big cup but it seems to spill alot. So these cups are a great exchange.  They've been dropped thrown and you name it and none have broke so far.
Received the crib recently, came less than a week after I ordered it, and everything was packed very nicely.We put it together last weekend and it looks gorgeous.The only issue was that some of the bolts did not easily work with the screws ... so it took a little bit to get the bed put together. We wrapped the toddler rail up and put it aside for later.I ordered the white crib and had to wipe it down after assembly, the smudges we put on came right off.Wood looks to be a good material. I know it is a soft wood - so we'll need to be a little careful with it.It looked really high when we put it together, but now that the mattress is in it's fine.Very pleased with this choice.
This changing pad fits nicely on our changing table, and does the job well. I wasn't sure if the changing pad covers would fit as well since it is rounded and not squared on the edges, but they fit just fine.
I, and my daughter of course, love these cups. They were smaller than i thought (6 oz) but they are great for juice at snack time ect... My daughter is just transitioning from bottles to cups and these work great.
I love these dispensers, time and space saving.  easy rotation and cleaning.  i need to order more, wish i could pick my colors.
I love these bowls!  I can't recommend them enough.  My friend introduced them to me and I'm glad she did.  They are easy to clean and can go in the dishwasher (but not the microwave unfortunately).  They stick very well to his highchair tray.  These bowls make it easier for my son to grab slippery foods like fruit.
Fits mini crib perfectly.  Great price.  Washes up really well.  I ordered two so I always have an extra in case there's one in the wash.  Would buy again.
Between our two children, we've gone through a number of different zippy cups.  I like these ones the best.Pros:- Hard spout so my child so it doesn't leak when my kid bangs it on the table or sits on it.- Rubber coating on the spout so my teething child doesn't gnaw off little plastic pieces that she could choke on.- Two handles so it's easier for her to grip it.- Dishwasher safe.Cons:- None.
Excellent product! The warmth of the pouch once its heated and the light smell, not only helps relieve the stomach pain but it also soothes and relaxes the baby with the smell. I highly recommend it. Just make sure you test the pouch once you get it out of the microwave inside your arm, before you put it on the baby, some microwaves are very strong and 7 seconds or less may still make the pouch too warm for comfort.Great natural solution to the colic and gas problem of the baby!
Love  this lady bug!!!! Got it for my soon to be grand-baby . The stars, especially the white setting are so bright and vivid !I can't wait until my daughter unwraps it for Christmas and the lady bug will definitely light up a room. Not to bright but just right. Five stars all THE WAY !!!!!!!!!!!!
As others have said, the lights are quite bright. It became something of interest to my DD rather than a soother. When she was an infant, though, I could set it just to music, on low, while she fell asleep. By 7 or 8 mos she had figured out not only how to push the front button, but she would pull upon it and change the settings on the side. For a long time she could only slide the settings down, so she would end up turning the music to high, and turning the motion off - which annoyed her. But it served as great entertainment and a challenge to master all those settings, especially when she woke up before we did. A good buy, but not exactly for the reasons intended.
This is a great swing--I feel really good laying my son down to sleep in it b/c it is very pillowy and soft. I've had him in it since he was 2 days old. The first speed is very soft and slow. He is now 3 mos old and he loves to watch the mobile, and the sounds arent irritating like some baby 'songs' on toys/gear. I love the way it reclines in almost a complete lying down position. If your baby is fussy/crying, put this in your room near your bed and kiss baby goodnight!
i like this neat turtle and so does my 5 month old! i got it for my son for Chrsitmas and he enjoys looking at the stars!
If there is one baby product that was a game changer for us this was it! Amazing and very effective especially when your baby constantly wakes him or herself up with their movements(hands,legs). Seems to work best until about 3 months of age after which ours learnt to take out her hands.
I love this! My daughter is 9 months old and has used this every day of her life! It was especially good for her while she was in the NICU for 2 months. Just recently the sound machine stopped working, but i contacted customer service at cloud b and they are sending me a new one :) highly recommend!
I bought some outlet covers at Lowes that were the rotating kind, like this:http://www.amazon.com/Safety-1st-Swivel-Outlet-Cover/dp/B000BQL7CI/ref=pd_sbs_ba_15?ie=UTF8&refRID;=1ZRRBYQ38MHFS52XZMM3These sliding ones are so much better! The rotating kind can get stuck in the open position (they usually do not spring back to their closed position). Additionally, they will not fit all cords - for example, an iPhone charger does not fit in the rotating kind.THESE sliding protectors are so much better because they always spring back automatically to the closed position when you're not using the outlet, and they accommodate all kinds of cords (every electrical plug will fit into these).I bought standard electrical plugs too, like these:http://www.amazon.com/Mommys-Helper-Outlet-Plugs-Pack/dp/B00081J3N6/ref=pd_cp_ba_0Personally, I recommend putting the cheap, standard kind in most of your outlets, and only splurging on these sliding covers for your frequently used outlets, unless cost is not a factor for you.
These stacking cups are some of the best we've come across.  Our little guy has a set from Green Toys, which we also like (but those are pastel colors).  The colors on these are vibrant and they are sturdy.  Definitely German-made.  Wish the main bucket was a bit larger so that we could use it for the beach, but all the same it's a great set & we'd recommend it!
But this is perfect. Great buy, highly recommend - excellent quality, fits perfect on couch or bed. Love love love it.
This has saved the seats in all of our cars from getting ruined by mud, snacks and other accidents.  It fits well under the booster seats that we have and is just big enough not to hang down too far.
This lamb is so perfect and can't put it into words! First of all, the material is so soft and the features of the lamb are so sweet. It has a crib strap and the music box is completely removable for washing and so simple to do. My New Grandbaby about loves and coo's to it. Her favorite sound is the heartbeat and fell so fast asleep! her other favorite sound is the whale songs. The music box has different sounds which can be volumed up or down, and has two different timers to set. It was so important to me to find a nursery product that has a womb heartbeat, this has it and more! Absolutely love this lamb!
Sophie is utterly addictive for my 4month old.  He chews it, swings it around, makes it squeak, stares at it - it keeps him occupied for a good long time.
We tried at least 7 different bibs before these and these are #1. They are large, waterproof, and have a big crumb catcher pocket. They are also very flexible instead of some of the others we tried that were very rigid.
Great product! very durable, love the patterns and love the pocket! The pocket has caught a lot of dropped food. It's durable in that we wash them in the sink after every meal, our son reaches in (not so gently) to the pocket to retrive dropped food, and he like to remove them himself when he is done with dinner (but pulling them off, opposed to opening the velcro). Speaking of, the velcro is very durable and has yet to tear or become frayed. Great value and worth every dollar.
This Toilet Trainer is more than a trainer.  It snaps into the opening of a standard flip seat of an adult toilet, allowing a small child to seat on the toilet without falling in.  A 3-year old can put it in place, making the child independent.  The prongs that hold it in place are not very stiff, so the seat is easy to remove, even for a child.  Thus even after the child is &#34;trained,&#34; the seat is useful.
I've tried and been given more bottle brushes than I can count and this is the one that I buy for myself.  It's the perfect length for the Dr Brown bottles, and my Klean Kanteen, and my Camel Back Kids, and my mason jars and... well you get the idea.  It's also got a nice end on the handle for getting out some of the tougher spots in bottles that have set too long.  It goes through the dishwasher well and doesn't lose bristles. I love this brush!
No bells and whistles, but my daughter likes to sit on this potty and flip the top down on her back.  We still haven't actually tried to go in it (she's only 20 months), but it looks easy to clean.
Answer is ... I wouldn't have! My daughter is 8 months old and she is still in it. During thsoe newborn days when it was hard to console her, this was the only thing that would. It put her to sleep, entertained her while awake and kept her busy while I washed dishes, laundry, took a shower, etc... I would tell any expectant mother or even one with a baby already to get one! This is the greatest product I received yet! Thank you FISHER PRICE!!!
I bought this for an upcoming vacation.  I tried it out once at home to see how it compares to the Medela PIS and I was pleasantly surprised! This worked just as well, if not better, than the electric! I would recommend this!
After 5 months it has held up very well, and there is room for everything.  It's also masculine enough for my DH to carry.
this is a great item!  much better than the Babies R Us brand and others.  very secure, solves one particular baby-proofing challenge in spectacular fashion.  highly recommended.
I didn't realize the colored pieces were not solid, and it's hard to tell from the photos. They aren't loose enough to pinch little fingers, but still add an additional element to the toy. The sound is nice when rattled, and the colors are bright and cheery. The simple design is perfect for my baby who gets over stimulated eaily. It's pleasant sound has a calming effect. This is the best little teether I've found.
The frame itself is just okay, but the easy to put together footprint and photo for grandparents made it worthwhile.
We love this bedding.  Great quality and washes very nicely.  I also like that it is VERY easy to find coordinating Jersey knit crib sheets.  A yellow crib sheet with this set really looks nice & bright.  My husband and I could not be happier.
We purchased this for our 9 month old daughter and she LOVES this chair.  We've been able to use this in almost every restaurant we've been in. This won't work on thin metal tables or tables with a limited ledge.  The top metal piece that sits on top of the table has a cushion on it so it won't damage tabletops.  I keep this in the car all the time and I can easily store this in the basket of our stroller when we're in NYC or D.C. It's very lightweight and has a great harness (not just a seatbelt) to keep my daughter safe. My daughter enjoys that she can sit next to us during meals instead of watching us from her stroller.
Great for pumping while traveling
I really wanted to love these caps and they are good for storing premade formula without wasting a nipple and cap. However, I found that the caps can leak if the bottles get tipped over in a diaper bag or the like. I imagine you could screw them tight enough to prevent this, but at that point I would have trouble getting the cap back off. I would have given this 5 stars if it had a washer in the cap to prevent leaks but I imagine they would have cost more. That being said, they are wonderful for storage in your fridge or other place where you know they won't tip over.
This guard has been fantastic.  Our stove has cast iron grates that get really hot when we cook.  After my child started walking I was really nervous they were going to reach up and touch the grate - not now!  These apply really easy with double sided tape that is included and have withstood the heat.  Come off really easy out of their brackets to clean.  Would recommend if you want a little extra security around the stove!
Purchased for the upstairs nursery, it has saved me from stumbling downstairs to the kitchen for late night/early morning feedings. Fits the Avent as well as the thinner bottles. I recommend using the caps that come with your bottles when you warm up junior's food (repels the condensation).I'd give it five stars, but the beeps are a feature that I wish could be turned off by the user - note to Munchkin.Worth every penny.
This is a great product. Fits on carts well and also works well on restaurant high chairs. Washes easily and folds into its own pocket bag. I get stopped in the store all the time by people wanting to know where I got it. We love it. I am purchasing these for all my friends having babies.
We got this for our 3 month old at Christmas & he loves it! We have no complaints other than the sounds aren't exactly as they sound in the description. To us they sound more like someone breathing, a water feature, crickets on a summer's night, & a jungle groove over a campfire...LOL! But the freaky one of someone breathing holds him over until he is deeply asleep. I love the option of going longer than 20 minutes, at the 23 min timer he wakes up, but the 45 minute timer is perfect! And I don't know why we would ever get the smaller travel version. I like that his giraffe is big & cuddly...so does he! This normal size one has a velcro loop so you can take it anywhere!
Our son is almost 16 months old and we have been using these sippy cups for about 10 months now.  We have never had them leak, mold, spouts push through or anything!  I suggest reading the directions before tossing these sippy cups in the trash.  I cannot get over how many parents assume that the Avent line is alot of "hype" just because they failed to read directions.As for the complaints about mold and sour milk...that's just gross.  Wash the sippy cup after it's used.  I'm sure any other brand would get moldy and smelly if you left it in your trunk all summer...not Avent's fault!Anyway, as for the green spouts being stiffer than the white ones and more difficult to clean...OK, maybe for the first few times because they are new; but they WILL get more pliable.  I spoke to an Avent rep at the Baby Fair in Edison, NJ and she suggested buying new spouts every month or so (same for nipples with Avent bottles).  They do wear out...especially if you're using the same two or three sippy cups every day.I just bought (and tried) the "sport spout" and although it is quite a mouthful of liquid that comes out, our son has no problem with that spout, either.  No leaks so far.All in all, read the directions and you will see the leaks disappear like MAGIC!  Good luck!
My husband got this for our 4 month old girl for Chirstmas. She loves it! She smiles at it, tries to "talk" to it, and loves to hold on to it.The hook is great, too, because we can take it with us and not loose it. Dogs LOVE this toy too!!! My toy poodle is well behaved and never tries to get it, but I see that she wants to. I can keep Jacques hooked to something so my baby can play with it and it doesn't end up on the floor tempting the dog to get it.We have Paddy the Panda, too, and she seems to love that one just as much. We swap them up so she doesn't get bored with them.Lamaze toys are great!
great with bananas. haven't tried it with apples or pears yet. But granddaughter loves it. It is convenient for the mother as well and you can take it anywhere with you
who knew a toilet seat could be so amazing?!  seriously tho, this has been a lifesaver for potty training.  it folds up (not as small as i'd like but still fits in the diaper bag), comes with it's own bag, is padded for comfort, and seems very sturdy.
This does what it needs to do.  It's a bit ugly, but keeps our daughter from playing with the plugs.  We ordered another one already.
A great night light.  My children really love it.  My eight year old still likes me to turn it on each night.
these bottles proved to be better than any other bottle.  myb baby gets much less gas from these than any other on the market.  its definately worth the price.  i have bought and wasted money on so many different brands of bottles.  dont waste your money and just go exclusivly with these.
This is so much better than shoulder diaper bags!  It frees up your hands so that you can better handle your baby.  Plenty of space for everything you need and the wipes compartment in the front is so handy.
Best bibs ever. Easy to wear for baby, sweet to machine wash, still look great after months of abuse&#8230; Solid recommendation!
We have used it only once to travel, it was easy to asemble, the parts seem to be of really good quality, the colors and decoration are nice. Our baby slept and played in it during our 3 day trip, I was able to move it around the house were we stayed with no problem. The mat seems to be a little thin but a couple of blankets wrapped around it made it seem much more comfortable to sleep in it. Because is larger than the average our baby was very comfortable and had plenty of room to move around, the downside is that it makes it a little heavy, not a big deal unless you're planning to hike mount Everest with it. Fits well in any SUV trunk leaving plenty of space for luggage. Disassembling it was a breeze and packing it was pretty straight forward. I'll recommend this product.
Everywhere you turn, there is some sort of stimulation on this gym. My daughter (2 1/2 months) loves it! I especially like that one of the settings requires touch to start the music. She loves the mirror and the lights above.
These sleeps sacks are very large though my son is in the middle of the recommended weight and at the end of the height range
Initially, I purchased the Avent breast pads, thinking they would suffice. However, I found them to be itchy against my already irritated breasts. These breastshells were the answer!!! Not only do they catch all that embarassing leaking milk, but they soothe away irritation!
Our daughter is 32 months old (two years) and I bought this potty for her to use. My mother in law bought one too, I suppose she was trying to help, but it wasn't as good as this one. I strongly prefer it over almost all the potties locally available. The reason I like it so much is that the cup is under the seat and not part of the seat. The one my mil bought has the cup as an inset into the top and when my little girl sits on it, it sticks to her bottom and well, I'm sure you can guess what happens when she has used it...Unfortunately she stood on the lid of the potty and the seat cracked and I thought it best to get another, to keep her from getting pinched in the crack, but when I went back to the store to get another, they didn't have this version any more. The one they did have, that I got, is not as simple, now that I know I can get this potty here I will probably buy another.The only flaw, that is not the fault of the potty, is that we have the elongated toilet bowls and most potty seats that can be set on the toilet only work with the round toilets. We currently have four potties for our daughter, two here, and one each at my mothers and his. All four are different.Fisher-Price Royal Pottyis at my mothers house and I like it a lot, it too has the cup under the seat.
There is something about these that babies love.  It was expensive so we asked for this as a gift and our daughter loved it.  We got one for the neighbor and their baby loves it too.  Get the plastic interlocking rings and you can keep it near baby in the car
We use this in our room but not directly against the bed. It moves easily. The first setup takes a little time, but the directions are helpful. Lots of Velcro to keep things secure.
This solved my problem of not feeling safe sharing a bed with my newborn. The walls are vented for good air flow but hard enough to prevent rolling over. In addition the sleeper is to be positioned above blankets so adult blankets won't cover baby. Only draw back is is the length my child is outgrowing it at 3 months. We are now using it to transition our daughter to her crib and it is working very well. Great for travel! I use a plush Koala pad as the sheet as the sheet is not standard but the
I LOVE this tub! The moulded shapes hold my baby nicely and allow me to have my hands free to bathe him properly. We have been using it since he was three weeks old and it still works well. We always lay a towel in the bottom to keep him from slipping around and for comfort. The drain on the side is a nice convenience and makes emptying it easy. The only issue is it's size, but we found that it fits perfectly under the crib and we store all of the baby toys, towels and baby bath products inside.
I purchased a Sophie for my daughter and it has been the go to toy for her since birth (5 months)! She loves the squeaky sound and chews on it all the time. Her cousin is 2 months younger so I ordered this Sophie for her for Christmas! It comes on the real packaging and looks identical to the real one that my daughter has. This will definitely be included in baby shower gifts that we give from now on!
We're having a girl, but know that we want more children. I hope to be able to use this set again for either. I like all the parts of this set EXCEPT the bumper that goes around the crib. It doesn't seem to fit correctly where the two ends meet. One is a little short and the other is a little long. However, I talked to a friend who bought a different design by the same manufacturer and she said they are all the same in that respect. I had to modify the bumper a little - the reason for giving only 4 stars - but all in all, the design is very cute and looks like it will hold up well. Also, the pictures do not do it justice. The patchwork on the quilt, bumper, and valance look a lot better in person.
Let's face it: kids are dirty.  And kids outdoor are even dirtier.  This blanket provides the needed protection from the ground and is super easy to clean.The surface of the blanket is a nylon-like material, but soft.  It's not a cozy, snuggle up blanket, but a durable, waterproof mat to sit on.  With actual cloth blankets, any dampness from the ground quickly soaks through and any crumbs or food end up smashed into the fabric.  This blanket, however, avoids both of these problems.  Spilled food can be easily wiped up or swept up.  The waterproof, thick, cover prevents any moisture from wicking through.Maybe the best feature, however, is the ease in folding it up.  One section has a sturdy card built into it to assist in folding it up to the proper size.  Simply fold the blanket lengthwise into quarters (which are stitched into the blanket to help you get the right size) and then roll it up using the built in &#34;card&#34; to get the size right.  Then a velco flap folds over to hold it all together and you're ready to hit the road, carrying it by the included shoulder strap.  One person can fold this blanket up neatly in a matter of seconds.  It's a lifesaver when the kids are ready to go!We take this with us everywhere.  Like the name implies, it is an essential for any parent, or really any person, that spends time outside.  It has stood up to a lot of abuse over the last several months and is still going strong!
To be honest, we loved our infantino soft carrier.  We used it regularly when our babies were newborns ... but by the time my babies hit 12-13 lbs, this carrier became uncomfortable for me, pulling on my shoulders and causing me to arch my lower back - not good!  My husband still could use it till the babies hit about 15lbs, but this time around, we just went for the baby bjorn.  So - if you are looking for something for the first 2-3 months, this is awsome - the baby is snuggled and cozy against mommy's (or daddy's) chest while leaving mommy's hands free - it is great for the transition for newborns.  Again, we really liked it when our babies were small - if that's what you are looking for, this is the way to go... if you want to continue using the carrier past 3 months, I would suggest looking at the more expensive Baby Bjorn for comfort...
Use it with my granddaughter's carseat and it is great to just be able to take it out of my daughter's car and snap it into mine.
It works ok but flat bottom would have been better. Angled bottom doesn't work for my kid as my kid's bottom slides out anyway.
This review is for the Universal Bedside Co-Sleeper, which is exactly the same as the Original except it's sized for beds that are 18-24 inches tall (the Original is sized for beds that are 24 inches tall and taller).After only a few weeks of using a traditional, high-sided cradle for our baby (who gets up to nurse several times in a night), we decided that we needed something to make moving the baby between her bed and ours easier.  We chose the bedside co-sleeper and we haven't been disappointed.The low side of the co-sleeper is level with our mattress, and the mattress of the co-sleeper is about 4 inches lower than that.  This means that when my baby wakes in the middle of the night to nurse, I only have to lift her four inches to get her into my bed.  I don't even have to sit up to manage this.  Plus, since there are no bars or slats between her bed and mine, when she's fussy at night I can easily reach out a hand to soothe her or find the pacifier she's let slip from her mouth.  The four outside pockets (one on each short end and two on the long end) are convenient for holding burp cloths, extra diapers, baby wipes, etc - everything I need for late-night feeding and changing.Some reviewers have complained that the mattress is too hard.  Actually, I found that the mattress is padded but lumpy.  This is because it's designed to fold up (so the co-sleeper can be portable and fit into a travel bag).  I solved the problem by putting a Quilted Multi-Use Pad on top of the mattress underneath the fitted sheet.  The quilting helped smooth out the lumps and make the mattress more comfortable without making it so soft that I'm worried about a smothering hazard.  Also, the pad is good protection for the mattress in case of nighttime accidents, since the mattress is made only of cloth with no plastic cover (unlike typical cradle mattresses).  Be sure to buy at least one extra fitted sheet when you purchase the bed (one is included with the bed itself) since regular crib or cradle sheets won't fit.My only complaint so far is that the solid fabric sides of the co-sleeper prevented me from hanging my baby's crib toys on the bed.  Otherwise, I've found this bed to be an absolute lifesaver and the only kind of infant bed I would recommend.
Okay, so you're probably wondering why I'm so excited about a simple product like this, huh?  The answer is simple - this is a great, almost mandatory, accessory for breast pumping.  Our children are and have always been fed with exclusively breast milk.  During those feedings when my wife can't feed them directly, she pumps and we feed them refrigerated (or frozen) milk.  The little 4-oz bottles that originally came with the pump worked great at first - but our twins are growing fast, and now regularly eat more than 4 ounces per feeding.That left us with two options: my wife could start taking a large cooler with her so that she could pump into more than one bottle per side each session (which would be a long, inconvenient, and somewhat messy process to change bottles mid-pumping) or to pump into larger bottles.  Using these adapters, she can pump right into the bottles that we use for feeding - saving transfer steps in many cases, and the size of the container can grow with our kids.  We think these are great - and would be a great value at several times the price!
This was a great project and really easy to use. It cleaned up easily and gave clear prints for our baby book.I ordered one set and there was plenty to do 2 hands and 2 feet.
We received this as a gift from our baby registry and I am so happy I added it on a whim! It has been my daughter's favorite toy since birth and almost a year later she still loves it. There were many car rides that it was the only thing that would distract her from crying. The back has black and white for the early months while their eyes are developing. We just had someone sit in back with her and they would shake Freddie back and forth through the air. The noise and movement would calm her instantly. She also loved feeling and gnawing on all of the different textures. It is now my go to gift for new babies. It turned out it was also a super popular gift in our parent groups, even those with older kids still had the older version of this for the new babies.
After trying quite a few swaddling blankets, I found this one and have never used any of the others again. This blanket isn't too hot, keeps my baby swaddled, and my baby loves it. Most of the time, it calms her down instantly and she sleeps through the night in it. I prefer this to any of the velcro swaddle blankets, and it stays on better than swaddling the old fashioned way.
Note:  The tray is on the other end of the box!As parents know, kids items are packed like fort knox and have all kinds of little ties, wires, and string for you LO to swollow, SO I have a rule that gifts need to be deboxed and wrapped that way.  It's less hazardous and your child doesn't scream &#34;waiting&#34; for the toy.This was a gift and came no assembled but deboxed, when I finally assembled it, it was missing the tray.  I called customer service and they told me it is on the other end of the box and you needed to open the other side to get it.  I didn't have the box and they sent me a replacement free of charge, just paid for shipping.  They were very nice.This stroller is very nice, everything fit together well, very sturdy.  Super heavy! The one thing is my LO is 2 and she like to sit in it facing forward not backwards so dangles her feet in the mesh storage basket that has a sign that says NOT to do that.  Telling a 2 year old NOT to do sometime is almost impossible without some kind of tears and floor flopping.  So that's my only annoyance right now.
The sling in this bathtub works perfectly, it submerges our baby from the waist down. The size length and weight are perfect.  We are really happy with this bathtub :-)
Looks cute, stays put on the chair, and my 3 year old loves it. Good height for sitting at the table.
I love the pockets on these for catching food my baby drops. They're not waterproof, but are a water-resistant fabric so you can toss them in the washer and dryer without worrying about melting any plastic. They're nice and big, too.
This is great. We have it for our 7 month old son who was crawling all over the place. He loves to hang out in here and play. He doesn't hurt himself and if you add a foam playmat under it, it's even safer.It's nice to have insetead of a playard because you can sit in there with the kid and hang out with him. It gives him alot of room to play and crawl. He can stand up and hold on to the sides. He even stood by himself! The other cool thing is that all the toys are in one spot! We have two baskets of toys in there for him to play with.This is portable and light. It's kind of a pain to reshape;(which is why it got 4 stars) but once you have it together, it's pretty sturdy. It's also indoor-outdoor, which is great for people with backyards, decks or pools.Folds up very compactly. You could easily store this in a closet when not in use.Overall, it's a great product to have and well worth the money. I highly recommend it.
After seeing so many babies with Sophie I just had to get one to see if all the hype was valid. My 4 month old LOVES it! She gnawes on it and is able to get it in her mouth better than any other toy. She often gets frustrated with other toys because she can't get them in her mouth the way she wants. She never gets frustrated or bored with Sophie. She doesn't really squeak it much which is good because it sounds exactly like a dog toy. I also got the Sophie with the handles on it just for some variety but although she likes it she prefers the original Sophie. I've heard nothing but awesome things about Sophie and I agree!
This bib washes very easily. It covers a lot to keep clothes cleaner. My child is 15 months and it fits great. I think it will fit her for a long time. The best thing I like about this bib is that it is harder for my child to take off than the smaller bibs by this company. My child loves to rip off the velcro bibs. The short sleeves on this bib also keep it on her better and make it harder for her to pull off. You cannot tell from the picture that it has sleeves, but it does have a very short sleeve over the shoulder...I bought the long-sleeve bib by this company as well. It is great too and stays on well but is a bit of an overkill for everyday eating.
but it really couldn't contain my daughter after 3 months. i know it's not the design b/c my daughter busts out of every swaddle blanket we have. that girl is a beast.
Very cool--just like the Fisher Price Baby Papasan Cradle Swing, I wish they made a seat like this in my size.  My baby loves the vibrations (when she's in the mood) but she always loves to watch the little fishies and the water moving.  It is portable and convenient to use.  She sits in it while we cook and eat dinner, and she also sits in it when I'm on the treadmill in the morning.  I don't want her to ever grow out of it--it is so awesome!  Definitely recommend.
When we first purchased this product new and took it out of the box, there were a lot of pieces to put together (but that is like any child's toy) which was modestly easy to do with the instructions.  It took both me and my husband probably around 20-30 minutes to get it "up and running".  We bought this for my daughter when she was about 5 months old and stuck a thick blanket behind her to give her extra stability.  The ExerSaucer has easy adjustable legs to make it taller as your baby grows (3 total height adjustments).  My daughter is 7 months old now and is on "level" two and she is 27 inches tall.  The seat spins and has a locking clip underneath if you wish for your child to stay in one spot.  It can be claps with SOME effort.  It took us a little bit of time to learn how to collapse it.  The plastic clamps were really tight and we had to pop them open with some effort, but now that we did it a couple of times, the plastic has softened making it quite simple.There are springs in the legs so when she jumps it has a small bounce in it (though it isn't made to be a "jumper".  The little "circus tent" spins around (on/off button) lights up and plays circus songs.  There are a lot of different toys that teaches the child to spin, rotate flip and slide along with different textures and sounds that the toys make.  It is a great investment!  I often sit my daughter in her ExerSaucer while I am making dinner and the only sounds I hear from her are giggles.
&#34;Take and toss&#34; sums it up perfectly -- these are perfect for toddlers who are more interested in tool use than actually eating, and more to the point, toddlers who count &#34;spear throwing&#34; as &#34;tool use&#34;!PROS* Bumpy, squeezy handles make for easy gripping* Fun, mix-and-match colors* Good valueCONS* For actually coming into contact with food, the softish plastic concerns me somewhat. I will NOT be giving these to my toddler to use with warm foods or even for regular meals. Instead, I'm reserving them for picnics/outings and this specific stage at which she's just playing with her food (not much eating it).
As I entered my third trimester I found it more difficult to sleep. While this pillow is very large and takes up a lot of room, it is a great purchase. it supported me when I slept on my side. I felt it supporting my back and my belly and overall I slept much better. Even if we had to go away for the weekend I would take it with me. I would reccommend that you have a big bed to use this in, especially if you are sharing the bed with another person.
Babies spit up/drool A LOT, and you have to keep it dry or they'll rash up under all their chins.  I had a surplus of baby clothes, but never enough bibs as the baby would go through 7-8 a day.  I liked these bibs so much I ended up ordering THREE sets of these.Pros:-design of the bib is great.  The liner between the terry ensures maximum absorption but no leakage through.  So many bibs get this part wrong: it's either not absorbent enough (so the spit up just rolls right off and INTO YOUR LAP), or it absorbs completely through (and gets baby's clothes wet).  You need the terry to capture the spit up, but you also need the liner to keep it contained.-price is good/cheap considering it's a 10pack-nice bright colors that hold over time-liner also gives/keeps bib in a nice shape (the bibs don't just wrinkle into a mess like some other all-cloth ones do)-machine washable/dryer use is ok.  I think on the instructions they say to hang out to dry or dry on low, but I just toss them in the dryer with all the other items and 4 months later they are still in great condition.  Moms with babies don't have the TIME to hang things out to dry!
I love this pump! My daughter didnt latch on right away and I used this pump since day 1! She still doesn't latch on and now she is 6m and still breastfed. I use this pump EVERY DAY! Easy to clean, easy to use, your hand won't get tired like many women think, (only if you pump for an hour, then maybe) I get good suction with this pump! Always pumping 4-7oz in literally 20mins or less from both breasts! I pump at work too, so it is easy to carry, no noise, easy set up and takes little space! I loveeeee this pump! It comes with everything described and it is all handy! Trust me! All extras will be useful someday when pumping everyday!
We just moved our toddler from the crib into a bed.  I got these for his windows in his bedroom because our window sills are low and his room is on the 2nd story.  I used two stoppers for each window and so far they have been great.  They stick very well and do not allow the window to go past them (when 2 are used per window).  I tried using just 1 per window and was able to force the window open.  I doubt my 2-year old will have enough strength to force it open with just 1 stopper, but I'd rather be safe than sorry so I put 2 on each window.  While that does add to the expense, it's my child's safety and it's worth it.  I will be buying some for all of our upstairs windows now that he has free reign on the house.
I did not get the exact bibs pictured: please see my uploaded image to see what I got. It was a real surprise because I was expecting a blue, yellow and orange bib. Instead I got a blue, yellow, and green bib and two of the three had different graphics than what was pictured on Amazon. So when you order these, apparently you should expect colors and designs to vary (would've been nice if Amazon said this on the product page when I ordered these).Aside from that, these are good bibs for feeding solids. I bought them because our baby is a messy eater, she'd stain all her cloth bibs and they quickly molded (Gross!). These are very stain resistant, dry super fast and are a generous size. The pocket does catch about 95% of falling food (baby's still on runny baby food). She was very distracted by the bright colors when I first started using these, but I fixed that by putting the bib on her about 15 minutes before the meal. The only down side is that these are not good for bottle feeding because they don't soak up liquid, it just runs all over. So for bottle feeding I use a cloth bib. Overall, I bought these cause they don't stain, they dry quickly on the kitchen counter and make feeding solids easier - I wasn't too concerned about bottle feeding so it's not a big deal. Very happy with them!
I am sure it works fine but just think about buying it before you do. If you are like me, as soon as you were pregnant you ordered absolutely everything you would possibly need. I do pump and exclusively breastfeed but I now realize I really don't think there is ever a time where I would need to pump in the car!
My son liked this when he was just a few months old. he's still playing with it at 8 months old and is now using the teether. this was a great purchase. he likes the noise it makes and the texture.  plus it's easy to take along on a car trip.  he seems to be interested in different parts of it as he gets older so it's nice that it is more of a long term toy than some of the others.
I bought these to freeze homemade baby food. As many others say, it doesn't seem the lids fight air tight, but that's not a problem because once the food is frozen, I put it in ziplock bags. My son is only 6 months, so we are just introducing some solids and not really eating meals - he won't really do solids until 1 year, but I am loving the amount in each cube and how they freeze and are quite durable. I washed the tray in the dishwasher but the lids by hand. Great for the price and meets my need for its purpose!
Everything good the reviews are saying is completely true!  But I noticed everyone was using them on young babies and I wanted mine for my two year old.  I was desperately trying to get her to fall asleep on her own with absolutely no luck.  She would never sleep in a crib even as a baby so at 1 we put her in a big girl bed.  Now that she is 2 we wanted her to fall asleep in it on her own around 7 p.m. and then stay asleep through the noise in the house.  We thought this was impossible since we have tried so many things.  The first night we got this, it worked like a charm. I put it own the sound it automatically starts on and turned it up as far as it would go and tucked my little one in and left the room.  It miraculously worked! We have been using it for a few weeks now and I can't believe I didn't try this sooner. So just know, it works with older children too! Happy sleeping!
This item, it is so good. it protected my 10 month old son from many bruises.  Baby crawls without looking what is ahead, he hit the coffee table edge mostly, but I have this on the edge... It is very helpful to have it on the sharp edges.  I wanted to tape all the corner of my house.
Home from the hospital, our baby hated this rocker. So I didn't use it often. I would force him to sit in it while I showered so he could sit somewhere safe and I could keep an eye on him. I had to talk to him nonstop and pick him up immediately after getting out. I would put him in it when I made the bed... or while getting dressed. (The rocker is in our bedroom). He only lasts for a few minutes in there though. I can't read him a story in the chair.. or leave him in it and start doing something that doesn't involve playing with him at all.He likes the "If you're happy and you know it clap your hands" melody that plays.. but it plays only once. He hates the way the chair vibrates. I turn it on, he cries and wants out.Had I not received it for my shower, I probably would have been fine without it. But since I have it, I use it. It's okay for what I use it for.UPDATEOnce my son started grabbing things on his own, he really enjoyed this chair. That was around 5/6 months? He liked pulling the toy to make the song go on his own.I am still using the same chair for my twin girls. They're currently 2 months and just started to tolerate this chair for a few moments while I'm alternating them for diaper changes. I ended up taking the toys off because it made them cry. My son still loves the toy though and dances around when it plays.Thus, I have upped my stars and say.. give it a try.
My 2 year old daughter is SO PROUD to go on the BIG GIRL POTTY... and Mommy is so happy not to have to clean the potty chair 500 x a day! She just turned 2 and she likes to put the potty on the toilet and take it out, fold and store it, all by herself. I have a TALL and ALONGATED toilet so we had to put a little piece of board (cement board leftover from construction) under the carpet/rug to make it a little higher... and the seat doesn't fit perrrrfectly on the toilet but it is good enough. If you center it well, it doesn't wobble.  We use it on TOP of the regular seat. I just bought a second one for my bathroom upstairs.
We have 3 big dogs and this gate works perfectly to keep them in or out. I love that it is secured into the door frame and that it is so simple to open and close!!!
Wish I would have known about this during those nights when my kids were so sick and I was trying to wedge pillows and the like under their mattress. This keeps them upright, and fits perfectly across the crib, leaving no room to suffocate or get stuck. Washable and not too high. I use this thing a lot, when baby has just a bit of a runny nose, and I want to make sure it does not get worse. So much safer than using pillows under the cribsheet.
we love so pie, she is so cute. my baby loves to chew chew chew on her and she is so sweet
I bought this based on the great reviews, and I'm glad I did!  I have soooo many teething/chewing toys for my son, and the only one he uses is this.  It's ultra lightweight and easy for him to hold.  I was surprised at how soft it is.  I didn't think it would be very satisfying for him to chew on, but he loves it.
I use this stroller caddy on my Uppababy Vista. So far, I've had it out on about a dozen walks and it works great. I heard that the Uppababy brand parent organizer was not very useful and prone to tipping. This one is great--two deep drink pockets, a zippered pocket for phone/wallet/keys, and another small slot. It attaches securely and need not be removed to fold the stroller. Very happy overall!
I purchased it before for my first child and this time for my boy. I absolutely love it ! Material is very soft and warm for the season. Using Swaddleme is so much easier than swaddling ))) Recommend !!!
It is true that these bottles have quite a few parts to clean, but I consider it totally worth it.  My son has had less gas since we've been using these bottles.  I've never had a problem with them leaking.  There's a line on them that you're not supposed to fill past, as long as the milk isn't filled past that line you shouldn't have a leaking problem. My son loves the nipple, as a previously breastfed baby it was easy for him to transfer to this bottle.  As another reviewer mentioned, don't even bother buying the 4 ounce bottles.  At two months my son is already at 5 ounces, so we barely got any use out of them.  The 8 ounce bottles are all you need.
My son has had this toy since he was only a few weeks old and it has been his favorite since then!! There are so many things for him to do with Freddie!! The wings crinkle, which keeps him busy most of the time. There is also a squeak ball on one of the wings and a little red teether bug attached to another wing. He also loves the mirrors and the pull rings on the bottom. The fact that it has a loop/ring attached is awesome because I can hook it on to the car seat or his stroller or whatever and we're off and he's got Freddie with him! The bright colors are great and the back of the wings have black and white patterns which is a huge plus! Babies love the black and white! This toy has been my son's favorite for six months now and I'm sure it will continue to be his favorite for a long time!
What can I say, the product simply works. I only use it on long trips but there is where it makes all the difference. I happen to have a convertible and the strap hits me at a terrible spot. This becomes an issue on long trips. This product has enabled me to stop constantly pushing the belt down and watching it ride right back up and then cutting into my neck. So, bottom line, if you have a seatbelt such as mine I wholeheartedly recommend this product.
These will definitely keep your little one out of the outlets -- highly recommended for safety!  However, I have weak hands and can't get them out w/o my husband's help.  If you have similar issues, you may not want to use them in outlets that you need to use frequently.
This is a very useful product. It&#8217;s hard to wash baby dishes without them disappearing in the dishwasher or falling to the bottom. This is great for bottle parts and pacifiers.  I would very much recommend this!If this review was helpful please select the &#8216;yes&#8217; button below.
I got this sponge with the intention of providing a place to lay my newborn during the first few days of sponge baths while waiting for his belly button and circumcision to heal. It functioned well enough for this purpose and I have since used it still as a place to lay the baby before and after the tub baths. My only criticism is that it is quite a bit thinner than I had expected it to be. For the price I am happy with the purchase, but did expect and wish that it had been a little thicker and denser sponge material - I would have paid a few more dollars for it to be thicker.
I got this smock for my two year old who likes to play with water in the kitchen sink. I was sick of changing her clothes after sink time and so I bought this smock. It goes on easily over her clothes and has worked to protect her from getting wet. She is picky about clothes but she likes the pocket and she seems to like the bright colors. It has worked for us.
We had the Graco soft potty for my son and we liked it a lot.  I had some issues with the seat coming off the ring but it can be fixed by gluing on some heavy duty velcro (which in an ideal would you wouldn't have to do but it's not an ideal world and I happen to like tinkering with things so...)I needed a second potty with my twins and decided to try a different flavor.  So I ordered one of these.Honestly, I prefer the Graco one, which is a little cheaper.  They are VERY similar.  The main body is nearly identical.Pros - can be totally taken apart and cleaned and reassembled.  Pee shield does not come off, so nothing to lose.  Generous size for bigger kids.Cons - Handles feel flimsy.  There's actually two halves to them, an underside attached to the base and an upperside attached to the seat.  I guess it kind of keeps it together more but I would prefer one set of solid handles, as the Graco has.  Seat is NOT soft - I was expecting a padded seat but this is not, it's just a layer of rubbery stuff.  Granted, I personally can't stand padded toilet seats myself but the Graco has a soft seat, my kids seem to like it, I was expecting this to have a SOFT seat, and it does not.  It also has no skid protection - the Graco came with little rubber feet you could put on so this doesn't slide all over, but this does not.This will do for our purposes, but save yourself a few bucks and get the Graco one.  I wish I had just stuck with what I knew.editing this to say - the seat on our old Graco potty was ripped a little (it had a padded seat) and one of my girls decided to peel the cover off.  Totally nasty inside!!!  We have ordered a new seat from graco but now I find myself thinking, though it doesn't seem as comfy, this Primo seat really might be the better way to go as you will never have THAT problem with it.  Nothing to rip and wear out over time.  Nowhere for startling black mold to grow.
they must have improved the lights because ours projects clear star and moon objects all over the ceiling from a table that is only 20&#34; off the ground.  We were able to avoid getting a nightlight with this and our son really looks forward to turning on his turtle and picking the color he wants to fall asleep with.  i love that it is battery operated and turns itself off.
I have a BoB Revolution SE, and I wanted to be able to carry water bottles and my cell on a walk NOT in my pocket. I got this and put it on the stroller and it fits wonderfully. The bottle carriers are slim, but they fit the SMART water bottles just fine (I don't want it to carry Cokes or anything, so I am not worried about them being bigger). The straps don't look long or sloppy at all like others have said. They Velcro securely. Overall, a really good purchase for the price!
I've bought cuter bibs (even though this one is very pretty) bit all other bibs fall short on ease of cleaning and durability. My sister has had her bibs through two kids (oldest is 5) and they're still in great shape!
This was way better than I expected for the money.  Very soft and quite 'heavy'.  I would have no issue at all putting my grandchild in this to sleep without any additional coverings at all.  Very very soft and lots of room for him to kick his legs.  Love it.
This is excellent for infants.  It's a very soft blanket that wraps snuggly.  By keeping babies swaddled it prevents them from twitching and jerking themselves awake.  It also makes them feel snug and safe.
My daughter enjoys this rattle for teething (especially those blue knobs on either end) and rattling.  I appreciate that this is a quality-made item that is taking a good beating from my 7 month old (even with her new game of "make mama fetch my toy after throwing it on the ground"), and that this is a responsibly made toy - i.e., this toy is NOT made of toxic or hazardous materials, potentially toxic materials, or made by slave or child labor.  Of my daughter's various Haba toys, this is her current favorite.
We've taken the booster seat to restaurants, to visit family & friends and even camping -- it fits great in those diverse environments and different bases.  It also helped to keep him in a secure spot as we set up and prepared meals when camping.  Plus, it sets up quickly and easily cleaned, which is very helpful since he's not the neatest eater.  The product was exactly as advertised and was delivered quickly with good packing.  I'm a satisfied customer!
Love this looks very nice and works good I was surprised paid $7 for this at walmart and did think it would hold the jars as well as it did! A little wobbly but great for the price would recommend this.
Good product. Our old ones were Bumkins, too, so this was an easy choice. We had to replace the bibs after the 1st child, since moldy looking spots formed at the back after 3 years of non use. Its cheap enough, so that's not a problem. Cute designs for baby girls.
My son loved the rainforest theme.This bouncer was okay, but my son outgrew it VERY quickly.I felt like this bouncer couldn't support his weight,not like I thought it should.When ever I put him in, he was practically laying down.In the end, my son was only able to uses this for about 3 months.
I've been using it for months, and it still works perfectly!As far as the review that say it beeps after you take it out of the bath, and you have to hit it against things - don't!! Only a couple times in the past 3 months has this happened, and it happens because some water is still on the little metal tip on the bottom that reads the temp. Twist the blue cover on the bottom off, dry the metal tip completely and it stops almost immediately. I assume whacking it against something knocks the water off, but why risk damaging the product?All that aside, I love it! I used it in my own bath and found my water was 110, so I waited until it was 104 until I got in. I want one in every bathroom of our home, I love this product! I will buy another just like it if this ever breaks!!
Quack! Well, ok... it doesn't do that. But that's because it lacks a hole for mold and other nasty stuff to grow in. Our two year old loves it, so what more could we want? Well, I still wish it did go quack.
I recently gave birth and once he starts to cry I end up using the music on the swing, he immediately stop crying. Plus, he loves to sit in the swing with the music on and falls asleep. I really dont like the speed of the swim eventhough I put level one speed, it swings very fast so I dont use the automatic swing. I push him myself to be in the safe side. I highly recommend, swing this by your self until they are old enough that you think they could handle the auto swing. Anyone that's getting this, good luck.
this item gave the baby a lot to play with and to look at as well as to play with.
Baby loves this toy.  She will chew on it in her car seat on car rides.  The little mirror flap still hasn't been discovered yet, nor how to put the little plastic flower in the pocket, but we should get there.  When I should it to her, she will look into the mirror and also chew the flower.  Stains wipe off easily.  So, why only 4 stars? Well, the little squeak toy stopped working about one month in.  I liked that part because it would grab her attention.  If it would have remained functional, it would have been 5.  However, this is a very good toy for self play and for teething.  Would recommend and probably would give as a shower gift.
They're baby bibs. What's to write about here? I like everything about this product. What's not to like? Fair price, fast delivery, quality product. I would definitely purchase this from the same vendor again.
Babysitter requested it, but I wanted bigger area and connected two of them together, which means it needs some support.Still works for us. Baby loves &#34;her&#34; area.
Originally, we bought two of the Fisher Price Rainforest-something-or-other mobiles for our twin sons.  They were cute.  They played music and lit up and spun, but they kept blowing through batteries.  When the boys were three months old, both mobiles began breaking down--no matter how many batteries we put in, they just wouldn't work properly--and the boys were in the hospital for seven weeks due to being premature, so we really didn't have those mobiles up and running for that long.  In any case, I decided to go with a non-battery powered option, and found these.First, let me say that one of them arrived missing parts--the thing that screws on to hold it onto the side of the crib was MIA.  Annoying, and Amazon would've exchanged it, but instead I hijacked parts from the old FP mobile, and it seems fine.  Second, those little cards are a PITA to swap out.  I followed the directions, but it was still difficult, to say the least.BUT, the reason I gave it four stars anyway, despite the missing parts and the PITA card-swapping, is that these things have changed my life.Instead of waking and SCREAMING to be taken out of his crib, our "testy" twin can now occupy himself for half and hour to an hour while I drink a cup of coffee, wake up, and catch up on last night's unfinished housework.  It is absolutely wonderful.  Because the mobiles don't light up, this self-amusing feature only works when the boys can see them, but it really is truly, truly wonderful.And that's why I didn't want to exchange the mobile that was missing parts--I didn't want to part with it, if even only for a few days.  Right now, as I type this review, he is in his crib giggling and cooing, and not screaming.I love you, mobile.  You are my hero.
I have tried several different kinds of bottles and this is by far my favorite. My son will use these as well as the Ventair Natural bottles, but these seem to give him less air therefore less spit-up. They're the easiest to put together as well. Cleaning them is easier then any other bottle. You can re-use the bottle itself and get a new, clean nipple for each feeding rather then having to get a new bottle and nipple since it takes liners. It may be a bit more expensive in the long run with having to buy liners, but it is far more convenient.
Beautiful looking crib.  Easy to put together.  I also ordered the railings to turn crib into twin bed, just in case this bed is discontinued by time my daughter is old enough to sleep in a twin.
My daughter went through the "slam the door" phase and I was afraid she was going to take off one of her fingers. These are much cuter than other solutions I've seen and they are very effective at keeping the doors from shutting.  Plus when I take them off my daughter thinks they are fun to play with.  They are made of some sort of foam so they can break apart so if your kiddo plays with them (or bites into them!), keep an eye on them!
Yes, it's big and bulky, but it's sturdy.  Solid construction makes it safe for active jumpers.  The colors, sounds -- all of the bells and whistles entertain baby when he he's too pooped to jump.
These shields are amazing! I've used them to breastfeed my DD since she was born (now 2 months old) - BF without them is incredibly painful for me, even with a very good latch. My baby has a super powerful suck and also tends to bite down as she falls asleep while nursing (as she often did in the first weeks) and without the shield, i'd get painful damage. Wearing the shields has made the experience bearable. They are super easy to use and wash and sterilize quickly and easily.
Awesome chair.  Wipes clean.  Has a built in double tray so if the top white one gets dirty, pull it off and just the blue!  Also, we had the hook on chair before that most people eyed suspiciously when we tried to hook it up to their nice tables but this one works everywhere and no one is afraid we'll damage finish or be dropping babies from 4 feet of the ground.  It also has adjustable feet.  Can't beat the functionality for the price.
We first saw this fold-up infant tub in the NICU unit where our baby stayed for her first 4 weeks.  Its ability to be easily stored was a big plus in the hospital, as well as at home.  The NICU nurse recommended that we line any infant tub with one of those baby bath sponges (ours is yellow and in the shape of a bear).  We use our tub in the kitchen sink.  Leaks, pinches and mildew have never been a problem.  Oddly enough, we have found that our baby likes to sit in the tub backwards (once she could hold up her head).  This positon is more upright and also makes it easier to wash her hair.  We use the kitchen sprayer on low and place a washcloth over our baby's torso which we frequently re-wet with warm water to keep her from getting cold.  Our baby is still a bit small for 4 months, but we anticipate that this tub will work for several more months.  Our baby loves bath time!- Our baby is now 8 months old and about 16 pounds.  We have used this infant tub up until this point and are just now graduating to the big tub.  This fold-up tub was a great purchase for us!
Absolutely great product! We used it in the big tub and our baby loved it. Now we switched to the primo bath tub since my back is killing me. So if you can fit this seat into the sink - do it!
Good product if you want to protect car seat from any accents. It is cheap comparing with other products on the market but at the same time good quality.
This is a great gate over all--convenient, sturdy, etc. We use it at the top of the stairs. The opening seems a little narrow, but overall it's not bad.
The sink in one of my bathrooms is uniquely shaped in that it is very long and one end is shallow, sloping down to the drain. It is shaped like an infant tub and was perfect for bathing babies. I would simply place this sponge into the sink and could put baby on top of it for bath time. I used it for almost 8 months...until my baby started turning the faucets on and off. In that time, the sponge only became slightly discolored, but otherwise, it held up very well.
This blanket is really great, it's extra large in size, it's lovely and soft and you can feel the quality of the material, others feel very cheap by comparison.  I highly recommend this and I will be stocking up on more for myself!
This works great on our 8 month old's two little bottom teeth. I don't have to worry about her moving quickly and hurting her mouth or gums on a &#34;regular&#34; toothbrush yet
My 3 year old is terrified of the dark. We tried every nightlight on the market it seemed and this is the only one we could all agree on. My daughter loves that she can turn it on herself from bed. I love that it automatically shuts off. We all love the adorable ladybug.
Even before we had our baby I told my wife that I wanted this baby carrier as my first Father's Day gift. Now that baby is around, I love putting him in the carrier and taking him around, not just because I can free up both my hands, but mostly because we get to spend quality time very close together, and the movement when I walk seems to soothe him (unless he's hungry, of course!) I would recommend all dads (and moms) to consider getting their Baby Bjorn. Along with the swing, the bouncer and a few other pieces of gear, it will not only make your first few parenting weeks easier to deal with but it will reward you time and again with unforgettable moments with your baby!
Love this playpen. We put toys in there and our son love being in there. The toys that are attached to the playpen are great and our babie always tries to touch them. It's pretty spacious compared to typical other playpen
We ordered this before our son was born (he is now two months old) and I am overjoyed with this bathtub solution. We have used it both in the sink and the bathtub. Due to the size you do need a larger sink. It has worked perfectly- it cradles the baby while still allowing the water to surround him or her. It does absorb water during the bath which must be drained out of it but it is so comfy and there is nothing hard or slippery which was important to me because wet babies are slippery enough. I also like that you could use this to give a sponge bath before the cord falls off. Lastly, I love that it is made in America.
I was initially concerned about spending so much on a play mat, but it is worth every penny. My 3-month-old daughter loves the rain forest gym and stays absolutely entranced with the brilliant colors, flashing lights and butterflies. This has also helped encourage tummy-time, which she hadn't previously been too keen on. I like the extra loops on varying levels that allow me to attach more of her toys. The only thing that would improve this product would be to have the butterflies spin on their own.
my 6 month old is the size of an avg 1yo and these fit RIGHT NOW. I hope he thins out some when he begins crawling or these will have to go in storage sooner than later. you can tell they are waterproof though. they are very wide though which is awesome! If baby by does thin out and can wear these longer I will be re-ordering! they are bigger than the instore ones and cost the same!
Small, soft and cuddly. Easy to wash and dries really fast. Both of my girls have versions of this toy and love them.
Safety 1st does not make this easy - but it is do-able.  You will need a Philips head offset screwdriver (ratcheting is best), a fairly small Philips head screwdriver, and four button cell batteries (1.5V G13-A, which are the same batteries found in cheap cat-entertaining laser pointers and some led flashlights).  It's pretty easy once you gather your tools:  Without removing the steering wheel from the base, locate the three screws holding the top and bottom sections of the wheel together; unscrew the three screws with your ratcheting screwdriver and separate - you will see a circuit board with two led lights and one speaker (this may be mistaken for a big watch battery) coming off of it; unscrew the two screws holding the circuit board down - the batteries are on the underside of this piece; pop out the four old batteries; pop in fresh batteries (make sure that they read 1.5V in the multimeter; test to make sure it works; screw the circuit board back on, then the top.I found it very annoying that I couldn't find any information as to the type of batteries that I needed, or how many - so here it is:  four (4) G13-A button cell batteries.  They are 1.5V.  These are, incidentally, the same batteries that are in those laser pointers that they make for entertaining cats.
I bought this b/c I was told it was much safer than a doorway jumper. Either way- my daughter loves it...and with the 4 size settings- your baby will get to use it for a while.
My nine month old has had Sophie since she was three months old. Not only has Sophie been a great teether since she is chewy, easy to grab, and has a lot of ends to chew on, my daughter has also found her to be a great comfort when she is in pain from teething or just upset. We squeak Sophie a few times and she never fails to deliver a smile! We never leave the house without her! We've noticed that slowly Sophie's food grade safe coloring is fading or coming off but she is made with 100% safe chemicals so we're not worried. I will be purchasing her as gifts for new moms and my own children in the future!-Adrienne
This is a perfect fit for all changing dressers, soft under baby's body, is well made, cleans up easy and last.
These are hard to use - to get on and off, even for adults, which is what we were looking for.  We'll see when our little girl gets interested in outlets...
I really didn't want to go the seperate potty route as our bathroom is tiny as it is.  This was a good compromise, it's stores fairly flat and takes less than a second to put up.  My daughter loves the 'ladder' idea.  Only drawback so far is that the non-slip grooves on the step are a bit deep so she's reluctant to step up when she's barefoot.
My daughter has had this in her crib since she was about 6 weeks old. She is now 21 months and there is no other toy we have that has had continuously held her interest over all that time. She still plays with it every morning and every night. Highly, highly recommended.
Santa bring this turtle on Christmas to my son, he is 5 years old and he love it. Now he has his own sky with stars in the room.
Great dresser.  We have the matching crib and changing table/dresser combo as well.  For a low-to-mid-priced dresser, the quality is good.  It does take an hour or two to assemble, so allow some time and patience, but it's no worse than any other self-assembly furniture like Ikea or anything else.
We got this for the upcoming arrival of our daughter.  But, the first time I used it was to clean the tub after my husband gave the dog a bath.  IT IS AWESOME!  It's very sturdy and has alot of padding.  I love the arm rest, it came loose a couple of times but a quick cleaning of the side of the tub and suction cups solved that.  I was worried when I read the other reviews of this product, but once I gave it a try I was hooked.  Our daughter and dog will never have a bath again without it.
Very easy to use.  I mainly use them in the upstairs bedrooms and nurseries.  They can be a bit of an eyesore compared  to the other ones that get screwed until the wall.  It is just a matter of preference over drilling or seeing this hanging on your blinds.  It is easy to use and gets the job done,
My wife and I bought this play yard for our 5 month old daughter. It worked perfectly. Before we had the play yard she was rolling and crawling everywhere. I highly recommend this product to any parents with babies that are on the move!
This product is just what you would think it would be... it's nice to have one in mom's car, one in dad's car and one in the grandparents' car... makes life simpler.
My daughter is having some hard time with potty training, especially number 2. The doctor recommended that she sits twice a day for ten minutes in a row in the potty, and we decided to buy this toilet seat.Well, two weeks using it and we are finally making progress!! She LOVES her Dora, super pink, flowery potty, so sitting on it is a delight. We were using the potty before, but I thought if we were going to train her for good, it was better to train her in the toilet. And it is very difficult without a toilet seat, because she is not stable.The handles are great, toddlers use them all the time. And the size is just right. Very sturdy and easy to clean (you can separate the cushion from the plastic, to clean separately). My toilet is not exactly the same shape (the potty seat is somewhat rounder), but it is sturdy enough so it is not a problem.We love it and I highly recommend it. There are other designs for boys as well, but the pink Dora one is great for girls this age.
Bought this swing in May and it has been great. Multiple swing settings makes it a great buy.  It stopped working about a month ago and I contacted Fisher Price and was told that there is a known motor issue that causes the motor to burn out early in its life.  The very bright side is that I was also told the warranty covered the defect and that I would be sent a brand new swing since it was still under warranty.  Things were made easier because I registered the product by mailing in the registration card.  I was only going to give it 4 stars because of the "known" motor issue, however, the great customer service from Fisher Price makes up for the defect.
I love:the pattern (so pretty!)the pouch that catches the food/liquid bits that fallthe size (covers the entire front of baby)easy to clean, just rinse with water and hang to dryA friend gave me the bunny pattern to try and I really liked it. I wanted another one for travel so I got this one. Very happy since the cloth ones I had got worn out.
My 4 month old son loves Sophie the Giraffe.  He seems fascinated by her if he is fussy when I am putting him in his car seat and if I'm in the backseat with him and he gets fussy...lightly making her squeak makes him focus on her and he's so intrigued by her he usually stops fussing.  He loves to chew on her too.  I like that I feel good knowing he's chewing on a natural material with no harmful chemicals. I'm so happy I bought my son this wonderful toy!
I just received this item in the mail. I purchsed the toddler size in the color stealth. I originally wanted the color ice but, I m glad I got Black instead. Especially since the cost for the color stealth was 13.00 cheaper than the ice color. ( I hate when that happens, its a color!! ) The product was very easy to add to my stroller. I have an Uppababy Vista. I had tried to read some previously written reviews to inquire some information about the fit because I was so worried that the bundle me wouldn't fit my stroller but IT FITS GREAT. It doesn't have a slot for the seat recline handle bar, but you can still recline the seat by using the handle bar with the bundle me over the handle. NO BIG DEAL. Uppa baby has their own version but its double the price. The bundle me is very soft, seems like it will wash well. Overall using this will benefit both me my son. Me, because I wont go nuts trying to keep a blanket on him. I dont have to worry about his blanket falling on the floor and getting dirty and wet in NYC slush ice or worst respending money on lost blankets. My son is guaranteed to be warm and dry. I definitely recommend.
Overall, we really like these. They've prevented a lot of smashed fingers when my daughter went through her obsessive drawer opening-closing phase. Installation is pretty easy, and have held up well so far. The reason I give 4*s is two-fold: 1) It sometimes takes people a while to learn how to use these, and 2) we couldn't use the mount point (that disables the locks) on any cabinets that have panels in them. The wood in the panel area of the door was too thin to screw anything into, and too close to the edge of the cabinet opening when the door closes. But at least the long plastic "arm" of the lock has a thinner mount point so we were able to use them everywhere we wanted.
I love that this pillow supports my back and belly at the same time.  I also love the fact that it loops all the way around unlike the original snoogle, this allows me to have something between by legs to support my spine or to have my feet up to help reduce swelling.  The only thing that I don't love about this pillow is that the seams where you would rest your head are painful against the skin due to the loop being so tightly sewn.  This is simply a design flaw, there should be a wider spot for your head to rest. However, simply putting an extra pillow over this area fixes the problem and elevates your head more to help reduce reflux and help with rhinitis of pregnancy.  Overall, I think this pillow is the best choice.  I would definately reccommend it to all pregnant women seeking comfort.  It's like a giant pillow nest!  I also love the fact that It turns into a back support.  I think that this will be very useful after baby is born for those mightnight breastfeeding sessions without the need for extra pillows.
This is the best formula dispenser I've used and I've used a few!The best selling point: THE FORMULA DOES NOT MIX!Second best selling point: It's small enough that it doesn't take up almost the whole diaper bag, because there are quite a lot of big ones out there!AVENT is a great company and it's no surprise to me that they're the only one I've found who's formula doesn't mix--and really, that's all you want with a formula dispenser!So highly recommended!
this is a must have for a baby nursery.  material is very soft/comfortable and holds up well to many washes
This was a way better price than the Bob brand caddy and it fits it perfectly. It stays firmly attached and is of good quality.
I first purchased another bottle warmer which I promptly returned because it did not work.  I received this bottle warmer as a gift from a friend who has three children, two of which are twins.  So, I figured she knew what was good and what was not.  And she was right, this works well.  I read some of the other reviews of this product but can only say I've had no problems with this.  It's easy to use and always warms the bottle just right...not too hot, not too cold.  I'm very pleased with this product.
These were easy to install, and can't beat the price!  They went firmly into the outlets, so I'm sure they won't be too easy to remove, but isn't that the point?  I just ordered another box.
MY BABY IS WARM WITH HER HAT AND IT'S CUTE IF I KNEW THAT IT WAS TRUE TO SIZE I'LL ORDER 6 MONTH INSTED OF 3 MONTHS OTHERWISE I JUST LOVE IT
I registered for the Diaper Champ after seeing the reviews and I cannot talk enough about it. I just live it!!! It is odorless(so far) and very easy to use - and only with one hand, so you can SAFELY keep the other one on your baby. It's very easy to change the bags, which you can use any 13 gallons one - no expensive refills to buy!!!! I just sprinkle some scented baby powder or spray some Lysol Disinfectant spray everytime I change a bag, to keep it from smelling even a little bit.I highly recommend the Champ, you will not regret it!!!
I searched everywhere for an alternative to a double stroller, having a 2 1/2 year old and a newborn I wanted something that wouldn't be to big to move around.  This stroller works great, my toddler can walk until she tires and then hops on for a ride and my newborn is in the car seat in the front.  The wheels are super smooth and easy to manuver and I think it is very lightweight at 24lbs. for a "double" stroller.  I can easily lift it in and out of our suv without any trouble and it isn't much bigger than my single stroller when collapsed.I do agree though that the seat shouldn't slide back and forth and that the basket isn't accessable at all, but all in all my 2 year old daughter loves having the option of standing and it is a nice alternative to those huge double strollers!
The pictures of this set on Amazon and kidsline do not do the set justice.  The colors of the actual articles are much more vibrant than shown in the pictures.  The set is made of fabrics with different textures.  It's really a high quality product.  In addition, the design allows you to use the set through your child's toddlers year.
A great Disney cup that my daughter loves and I love because they're so inexpensive!
We purchased this stroller for our girls that are about 2.5 years apart.  It is perfect for us.  The baby can sit up front and the toddler can walk, stand, or sit.  For those wanting comfortable seating for two... you will need to purchase the rear seat or get a standard double stroller.  The child in back only has a bench seat.Size wise it is pretty similar to our (single child) travel system stroller.  It is just a bit longer.  This makes it fairly easy to maneuver, and doesn't take up any additional storage space.There are a few negatives.... first the handle bar is a bit higher than I would like and is not adjustable.  I can understand that they wanted to keep it high so a child can easily get on and off of the back, but it isn't the most comfortable setup if you are short.  Second there is no cup holder/easily accessible storage for random little things.  I'm going to remedy that with a stroller organizer of some sort.
This has been the only set of bibs that have successfully caught all of my sons drool, while keeping his shirt underneath dry.  Its got an inner lining that does not easily allow his drool to soak through.  A resounding success.  Also large enough to keep up with his growth.
Our little one slept through the night at seven weeks thanks to the SwaddleMe.  We can change her diaper without unwrapping her arms, helping her stay relaxed and sleepy in the evenings.  The SwaddleMe wraps also wash very well.
Not only does this blanket look great and feel great, it's so practical.  It folds up super easy and always compact into it's own carrying case.  It's so easy to clean and big enough for a few people to enjoy.  This is a must if you like to picnic or spend any time at the beach, park, etc.
PREVENTS MY GRANDBABIES FROM GETTING INTO THE ELECTRICAL SOCKETS WHICH CAN BE VERY DANGEROUS FOR ANY SMALL CHILD OR GRANDCHILD
I bought these bottles after reading reviews on them and have been pretty happy with them. They have never leaked with me BUT I have never screwed the lid on too tightly. You HAVE to remember that. When you overtighten the lid, the nipple gets distorted and the seal is broken. My husband and others in the family have had this problem. It is probably always helpful to test for leaks (when you test the temp of the milk) BEFORE you give it to the baby, just to make sure.I like the plastic they use. It has always felt extremely sturdy. They are easily to hold (thanks to the curve) and I really like the wide mouth of the bottles which make them easy to clean....and you are pretty sure they are clean!!I bought the newborn starter set and the infant set and together they are all I require for bottles and a breastmilk storage set!!All in all I think they were a great buy and worth it. I would use them all over again and would use avent with my next baby too.
I think it is very good monitor for this price.It has 2 parent units which is actually very good.I keep one in the main room and another is in the room where I can exercise while baby is sleeping.That was my main purpose of purchasing.The connection seems good.Overall,happy to have and would definitely recommend
1. Very efficientI just used this on a road trip and it is much faster than my In Style Advance while running on the battery and its just easier to use when you're in a hurry2. Good fitIf you have Medela personal breast shields in a size other than standard this is great because it works with other Medela shields3. ConvenientI'll be leaving my In Style Advanced at the office as this is perfect for occasional weekend use and when I'm out and about and have left my baby at home with a bottle.Highly recommended!
We went to visit relatives with our new baby for an extended vacation and had no idea what we'd need - after day 1 I realized we needed a high chair STAT.  I hopped on my iphone and bought this thru the Amazon ap, using our Prime membership to get it next day to where we were.  For the price I had low expectations.  This thing is worth every penny.  Easy to use, stable, sturdy, comfy and it made feeding time so much easier!
I started using this when my daughter was 6 months old.  I put bananas and other pieces of fruit in it and she loved it.  The only problem is is that it is really hard to clean.  The pieces of fruit get stuck in the mesh very easily.
Good fit for our 5 inch deep mini crib mattress.  Soft and stretchy sheets.  We go longer between washings by using waterproof flannel lap pads (there's some kind of waterproof layer in the middle), or the larger flannel pads under our twins' heads and bottoms to help catch leaks and spit-ups.  I also use these on the really thin 1&#34; mattress (more like a pad) that came with my mini crib.  That pad, covered with one of these sheets, is perfect for carrying wherever, setting on the floor, and putting one or both babies on it for tummy time or for a nap on their backs.
I just love this locks!! I have a 1 year old and he opens ALL the cabinets.. we bought this magnet lock and they are SOO good!! Not that easy to put on because you really have to measure exactly each end so it fits perfect!
I was a bit skeptical at first but read the reviews and decided to give it a try. I bought one for my nephew and for my son.  It does live up to the hype.  I will say that my husband opened the package and asked me if I meant to buy two giraffe toys for our dog.  I then told him it was an expensive baby gift.  He said, "Really, it looks and sounds like a dog toy."  Although it does look and sound like a dog toy, the rubber is very soft.  My son loved chewing on Sophie especially when he was teething.  He also just liked playing with the giraffe.  It was his favorite toy for awhile because I think the size of the neck and legs were perfect for his little hands to clasp onto. I would recommend this to other moms.
We love this potty!! We're doing elimination communication (&#34;EC&#34;) with our daughter so we started &#34;pottying&#34; her almost as soon as she was born.  Because we didn't know any better at the time, we first used a toilet seat reducer or just held her in the infant-in-arms EC position. Luckily, at around 4 months, we found this potty and have never looked back.The high back is perfect for infants who aren't able to sit up yet fully unsupported. We still needed to closely supervise, as she would sometimes lean forward and, once, she took a dive and ended up bruising her forehead on the bathroom floor. I blame myself fully, as I had looked away momentarily. Now that our daughter is older (11 months), her feet touch the ground, so she's much more secure in the seat. She still needs close supervision though, as she likes to try and stand up out of the seat.I also love that the insert is easily removable. We just flush the &#34;contents&#34; and rinse the insert out with water in the sink. Every now and again we'll let it soak in warm soapy water, but if it's washed right away after use, it stays quite clean.All in all, this is a great potty and we're very happy with our purchase. Thanks Baby Bjorn!
I am one of those moms who has a "lazy nurser". Wanting to exclusively breastfeed for at least the first year, I was devastated that my sweet little girl would not latch on properly and that when she did, she was unable to empty me completely. Therefore, we are stuck with frequent breastfeedings followed by supplemental bottle feedings.My husband and I had purchased this bottle warmer planning to use it after I returned to work to heat up breastmilk bottles. I have to tell you, this warmer is terrific! It works equally well with breastmilk and formula. It is quick, and as long as you follow the directions, it heats to utter perfection. We have never had an overheated bottle, and my daughter loves the temperature. She sucks it right down! We have tried both Gerber and Avent bottles, and they both work well in this warmer.Also, the size is really convenient. It doesn't take up much space in the kitchen (not to be totally vain, but it WOULD be nice if it came in black or ecru for better matching capabilities).I liked it so much that I sent one to my husband's expectant cousin. I strongly recommend this product.
As many users have said, this is an awesome little seat for babies/toddlers.  It took a bit for our little guy to get used to it, for he sits a bit low in it (he's 10 months), but we just put a little pillow behind his back and he now loves his seat... so much more secure than a free-standing seat (which he learned he could rock forward and back in, lifting the chair onto two feet at a time).  We have a table with a decent sized under-eave, and it is a bit tricky to work around that.  Plus, the gussets in the corner of the table limits where you can position the seat.  On our table, we have to slide the chair in quite deep and somewhat centered so the locking arms don't bump up against some of the support of the table.  We have a small spot where it all locks in fine, and when it is in, it's great.  The only downfall is it's hard to clean in the locked in state... and unlocking and re-positioning on our table is a bit of a pain, but is outweighed by all the other benefits.
I loved this swing so much that we bought a second one for grandma's house. Its size made it perfect to carry all over the house. It folds up small and the cover can be removed and put in the washer. I thought we might want a full-size swing but we never ended up getting one. I thought the batteries would wear out too quickly but we only replaced them once. The music is adorable, we never tired of listening to it. Great product.
I like the idea of using this in my dishwasher to keep the baby's things separate, but to be honest, I usually on use the bigger basket..
Love the contact shield more than the regular ones. These save lives! If you have ever had cracked and bleeding nipples, you know what I mean. I have used these with both of my kids and it is well worth the inconvenience of cleaning them and having to put them on. Save the nips!
well... my wife did not liek the included shields that came with her swing pump and these fixed that problem, if you or your partner have smaller nipples then this is going to make a pump better for you
Has columns for all the info I need at a glance when I get home from work. Nanny is able to fill it out easily....love it
Let me start off by saying I am probably one of the world's biggest germaphobes when it comes to public places! My baby is 9 months old and has recently graduated to a convertible car seat, which I can't carry and snap onto shopping carts like I could with her infant carrier. So I purchased this for her because she chews on everything. Well it is FANTASTIC! It fits all carts I have tried it in (Walmart, Fred Meyer size carts) and it takes seconds to set up single handed. It's very colorful, baby likes it and I especially like that MY hands don't even have to touch the cart anymore! Would be nice if it had more padding but my baby flopped over in it and didn't cry, so whatever it does have works. Definitely worth the money when you consider how many people touch a shopping cart, after sneezing in their hands, picking their nose, handling money and bloody packages in the meat department. This cart cover makes it so I have one less thing to worry about, which is great. I also don't think it's too bulky as other reviewers have said - this can be rolled up and fits easily in my diaper bag or trunk.
This one is by far my favorite! I have a curious 1 year old, but that's not what prompted me to buy these. I noticed that I and whoever else was passing the kitchen stove would easily turn the stove on with a bump of a hip. Twice this happened where I smelled gas and realized the stove was on but with no flame -- just gas. I freaked out! But due to all the negative reviews, I decided not to buy these! Then one day I was walking in the store and saw these, and on a whim bought them even though I felt they were not going to be good. Well it turns out, they're AWESOME!Don't know what the heck these people are talking about on here!!! Installed them in a minute! They are NOT hard to open for an adult... you certainly don't have to pry them open with a butter knife like one reviewer said. I can open them with one hand. You just press on the gray tab and pull open. I love that they're clear so I can see if the stove is off. When I need to cook on the stove, I simply open one of them and turn the stove on. They simply hang on the knob in open position. When I'm done, I close them back up.Some people mentioned that they melt cause it's plastic. What I do is I remove them if I'm using the oven (which isn't often). And putting them back on is a snap. I don't agree with the people who say these are useless and to just pull the knobs off cause there's that sharp metal piece sticking out from the stove which is just as dangerous for little kids.Bought another set just in case! These are AWESOME!
I live in a townhouse that has 3 levels and I can't keep a diaper genie on each floor.  These bags really do the job.  They are scented just fine and lock in smell. They are perfect for traveling especially to someone's home.  By carrying these in your diaper bag, they won't even know you disposed of a diaper in their home. They could be priced a little better and come in a container instead of a box.
I still use these nipples for my 1 year old when I have to pump from time to time and he's never had any issues with them. They work great and are very reasonable. Love Avent!!
My son received this around 4 months of age and still loves it now, a year later! And surprisingly the batteries have lasted a year even though he uses it every night. Now my son knows how to turn it on and off on his own. The monkey and fish swing/swim around and it plays a nighttime song for about 5 minutes. It's got two different sound settings and can be easily attached to the crib rails. This is an excellent gift for new parents who are yearning for extra minutes of sleep!If you'd like other reviews on the best gifts for a one year old or on what to put on a baby registry, visit the website, AllMomsAerPerfect.com. It's got down to earth reviews and suggestions on preparing for motherhood.
my nephew loved this swing the first day he came home from the hospital we had the lowest speed setting on. with a blanket over his legs slowing the swing down to a safe speed.. that work wonderful intil he was to heavy to ride in the swing...but over all the mess and fuss! we got though the first 6months with this swing and it stays at my sisters house and he also loves his link-a-doo's take along swing at granny's house!! over all its a great swing! try laying a blanket over your infant legs to slowww the swing downHe Was Unsure about the toys intill he was 5months old and started to chew/grab toys but its worth $$$! i love the way it swings side to side or back and front... i know we'll be using this swing again for baby #2 due in aug!! This Swing Has Been though a move and yet...my brother in law's aunt WANTED to borrow this swing! my sister would not allow her to though...she has a graco 6-speed swing and hates it! we love this swing and are keeping it safe in my nephew room
I read a lot of reviews about this thing and took to heart the complaints of mildew, etc. Considering I live in the south, I was very hesitant to get this item. But decided I'd try it anyway. I'm very glad I did.Let it be known I use this mostly in the stuffiest bathroom in the house (its easier to warm for bathing an infant) and I have a BAD tendency to get distracted after the bath and come back hours later with a still soaked bather to pull out of the tub and hang somewhere to air dry. I have had this thing months now. I've never had to toss it in the wash, it still smells like new. I wash my baby every other day. I'm lazy and hang the thing in the shower itself to dry. I have had not one problem with it and I love it!
We are 1st time parents &amp; I read all the reviews on diaper-disposal products.  Now our baby is 1 month old &amp; I've never smelled a poopy diaper (and we formula feed) in our nursery which is in our master bedroom.  We are both clean-addicts &amp; love this product. (NO EXPENSIVE REFILLS NEEDED!!!) We empty it twice per week &amp; have NO ODOR problems!Update at 7mos(July04): We managed to get BabiesRUs to let us exchange the DiaperChamp for a DiaperGenie and we were equally dissapointed with it too.  DiaperChamp was great until about 3 mos. &amp; then just smelled all the time.  Diaper Genie was no better - even with toddler-strength refills.  I have found it so much easier to use cheap ziplocks and throw diapers in regular trash that goes out each night anyway (both Diaper keepers required emptying every day &amp; would still smell).  I even tried wiping with Lysol or Clorox wipes daily &amp; those things are just a waste of time, effort and money.  Cheap ziplocks are easy to take with you - will work at home or for travel - and will cost about the same as a refill cartridge MINUS the $30-some bucks for the canister.  Dissapointing - wish it worked!
Graco Tot Block with Bugs is a pack and play that features figures of bugs on each of the sides for added fun. Kids enjoy playing with the bugs and each offers something slightly different. The bee has its two wings extended inside of the playpen and the wings make a rattling noise when moved. The butterfly's wings are also extended inside the playpen and they offer the sound of paper being crinkled. The ladybug has a squeak toy inside its body to create its own unique sound and the sun has a mirror for a child's enjoyment. Each offers its own type of stimulation and since they are built in, they are always there. There is no need to worry that the toys will be lost.Besides the toys, the other reason kid's love the Graco Tot Block with Bugs is for its bright colors. Most playpens are dark blue or dark green in color and offer nothing that is visually appealing. This pack and play, however, offers combinations of bright yellow, green, red, and blue. Babies seem more entranced with this playpen than with the plain colored playpens. They like looking at the bright colors and playing with the interactive, built- in toys on the sides of the playpen.Like other pack and plays, Graco Tot Block folds up for easy storage. You need to remove the pad from the inside before you fold the unit because the pad acts as a cover for the rest of the playpen. Once you have the playpen folded, it slips inside of the pad using Velcro straps to secure it in place. Once the pad has been wrapped, the entire unit then slips into a plastic bag with a zipper to keep it shut. This is simple enough, but I have noticed that this pack and play weighs a little more than others and it is also a little more awkward to remove and set up. It helps to have a second person to open it up and prepare it for use. But this is only a minor inconvenience because it can still be set up with little effort.With all of the stimulation offered with this playpen, there is one possible disadvantage: It could keep your child from falling asleep. If your goal for buying this playpen is strictly to have a place for your youngster to play, then the added stimulation will be an asset. But if you want to place your child in the playpen for a quick nap, you might have some difficulty due to the attention- grabbing colors and interactive toys. These toys cannot be removed from the walls of the playpen so they could definitely create a distraction that could prevent some kids from falling asleep.Graco recommends this playpen for smaller kids up to approximately two years of age. If your child is older, then you should not use this playpen because he/she might be able to climb out. Most kids age two or under, however, will be small enough to use this playpen. Also, even though there is no defined limit for the number of kids who can play inside this device, I think it should be limited to two. Any more than two and the kids will begin to get frustrated with the constant bumping into each other.Overall, this is a very good pack and play from Graco and it ranks among my child's favorite playpens. The colors and interactive, built in toys make it a favorite among all kids and while it does weigh a little more than other pack and plays and does require more effort to unpack and set up, it still makes a good choice for parents of small children. The interactive toys can't get lost and the unit's bright colors make it appealing to children and adults alike.
I got these bibs for my drooling baby girl.  I perfer solid colored drool bibs so they don't distract from all her cute outfits.  I love the colors also, they work with most all her clothes.  They are very soft on both sides with the waterproof liner in the inside.  They don't make that "crinkle" sound when she wears them and they lay nice and flat on her chest.  They are for babies 3 to 12 months with the neck.  My baby is 6 1/2 months and they fit her nice.  I only use these for drool so they stay nice.  I've not had them very long, but long enough to run them through the washer AND the dryer several times and they still come out nicely.For 10 of them and the price it's worth it because I have just had the hardest time finding anything like them in local stores.  Drool bibs are hard to come by with the waterproof lining as all the stores only seem to sell the cotton ones; which we all know a little drooler will just soak right through anything else.  Love and recommend these bibs.
Fantastic little booster seat.  It's the only one we own.  Perfect for our small home where a traditional stand alone sort of high chair just won't fit around our table (I use it on an IKEA Stefan chair).  My little one has been using it for the past couple of months, starting at about 7 months of age.  Easy to adjust straps and simple to snap on to any chair.  We've carried and used it on long trips to grandma's, at various restaurants and it has worked perfectly each time.I've never used the removable tray and lid.  No need to-- the snap-on tray washes easily.  After a few very messy eating sessions I've taken the whole chair into the tub for a wash down... so easy!I highly recommend this seat.  It's made of a sturdy plastic that looks like it's going to hold up for a very long time to come.  It's way more useful AND economical then any stand alone high chair.
Baby had no trouble sleeping in this sleeper and I got a lot more sleep knowing I wasn't going to roll over her.  &#60;br /&#62;It is well ventalated and just the right combination of soft and firm so that it is comfortable, yet I wasn't worried that she could suffocate herself.&#60;br /&#62;She is now 4 1/2 months old and is basically too long for it now.  We are using it to transition her to crib, which so far is working well.&#60;br /&#62;Despite the 'short' time it was able to be used, it was well worth it knowing she was safely sleeping with us during those critical first months.&#60;br /&#62;I would recommend this to everyone I know.
This product is great.  It's not super easy to install (each lock requires 6 screws plus one hole in the door).  If you take your time, ready the instructions, plan it out, and execute; it works great.  You have to be patient.  Each door took me 5 to 10 minutes.  In less than 1 hour I was able to unpack, read instructions, plan, get my tools, and have it done in 4 doors.  I think it won't work with hollow doors or maybe doors that are too thick but mine were pretty standard.I love how it's hidden and pretty sturdy due to having a bunch of screws holding it.  The adhesive ones are easy to install but I bet my son would open them in no time.
The Regent is a big seat, and a little heavy when you are lifting it to install, but once you get it in your car, it is good and sturdy! The seat cover is fairly easy to remove and wash, and the whole seat is pretty simple to take apart if you have to clean it thoroughly, which is a huge plus if you have a vomiting kid or one prone to diaper blowouts! The biggest plus of all is the fact that the 5 point harness can be used all the way up to 80 lbs (!) so if you have a special needs child, like I do, that needs the harness a lot longer than usual, the Regent is for you! I think my petite daughter will be able to fit in this seat until she is 18! Also, I can fit two of these in my Toyota Prius back seat just fine, although I try not to take them out very often since they are so big and a little cumbersome to move around. I just leave them where they are and they do a terrific job! This seat is worth every penny!
I do really like the Boon Frog. We've had it for a couple years now, and have had it in several showers. It really seems to work best on ceramic tile, though you cannot let the suction cups cross the grout line. It does not hold at all on pre-fab showers with plastic/textured walls. It does hold on pre-fab shower with smooth plastic walls, but will occasionally fall off- usually in the middle of the night, scarring you half to death.I love that the toys dry as they hang. I love that I can just scoop up the toys at the end of bath time, give them one quick rinse, and hang them up. It makes the end of bath time so much easier! It holds quite a few toys, but my three kids have quite a few toys, so they don't all fit in the Boon frog. It probably isn't the frog's fault. We really shouldn't have so many bath toys.I find the little shelf useless. We use Burt's Bees Baby Bee soap and there isn't a good way to set a bar of soap up there. I usually just stick a very small bottle of shampoo and conditioner up there for guest's use. The shelf isn't very big. I also don't find that the frog's toes work well for hanging things. It is difficult to get things on and off his toes. And if your hanging it by the suction cups, you've got to be careful not to pull it off the wall trying to get loofahs on and off the thing.All in all, it is a nice product and I would buy it again.
A lot of people have complained that these don't hold up, or that they break when you close the oven door on them. We've found these aren't terribly useful if you leave them open, and they're very very easy to open and close. It saves wear and tear on the oven knobs. We're on our second set, in that we have four knobs and so far have replaced three of them in 2 years. They're plastic, and plastic dries out, and we still have 3 more sitting in the cupboard. 2 years of sliding the knobs on and off would do more damage to the knobs. We're going to probably have them on there another 2-3 years, so I expect I'll probably buy one more set before the kiddos are past that phase. Very easy to use, very happy with them.
This mobile has been a great purchase even though it lacks the capability to rotate by itself. It was the first thing our baby really looked at and it has kept her amused for hours. The distinct geometrical figures seem to great for stimulating her and make her want to continue looking at them. The ability to switch the different parts out to change things up is also nice, although a bit difficult.
I totally recommend this especially for big babies as well.  We took this  whenever we go on a trip and my son just loved staying here. Its mesh walls give nice breeze while my little one was sleeping. Totally recommend it!!!
I quite enjoied these cups. we got them for my son when he was 4 months old but he had no intrest in them. As time went on he started trying to get liquid from them and had quite a bit of sucess. He still uses the cups now at 11 months but Im starting to hate them. The valves have started leaking and it seems like all my playex cups leak after a few hand washes. I love the cups and so does my son but ill have to buy new valves often.
This booster seat is easy to clean, aesthetically appealing and gets the job done. It doesn't have any bells and whistles, but that's exactly what I was wanting. It does not attach to a chair or have a seatbelt which I personally appreciated, but if you are looking for &#34;safety features&#34; this is not the booster for you.
The only problem I really have with this brush is that the nipple cleaner doesn't really seem to clean bottle nipples very well, it takes a bit of work to get them clean with it.I was glad to fing out, however, that this brush also works great forMedela Breastmilk Freezing & Storage (*BPA Free) 80ml Bottlesthat I was so tired of trying to clean without a dishwasher but were the only bottles I could pump into before I bought the Avent pump conversion kit to use my Avent bottles with my Medela pump.
My baby has a pretty poor latch and did some serious damage to my nipples. With the help of a lactation consulant, I did my best to correct her latch, but to little effect, so in week 3 we tried this.  You need to use this correctly, but this nipple guard can help both with latching issues and with soreness.  I give it 4 stars only because it doesn't always stay put, but that's the nature of such a product, I think.
I previously had Carter's sheets. THose are a bit thicker weight but in a pinch I wanted a slightly less expensive, and different color, option and this one is fine. The apple green is bright and cheery (not quite as drab as it appears on line).
Works well, and you can't beat the price... Would have been better if they came with some kind of storage container, but really can't complain.
I use this for the baby all the time for sleeping in. It is nice and soft, zips up the front and is a cute pattern. Good price on Amazon too. I would recommend it and would definitely buy another one.
i hope my baby will like it,this toy looks very nice,i hope my  baby like it when i make bath to him
This is great.  Unlike other car seat protectors this is heavy duty and won't cause the car seat to leave marks on your seats through the protector
I got this to keep at my parents house and it's great.  Nice price and my boys loved it.  Folds up nice too.
The Dark Safari rocker is a very cute alternative to the floor swing or reclining baby napper.  With a toy bar and vibration setting, this rocker may seem standard, but it also has the ability to change from a stationary napper to a rocker!  The toy bar plays music from the elephant, which plays a very short "Skip to my Lou."It is a bright and colorful toy for your baby.  The pad is not very thick, but it can do the job.  You can easily remove it for cleaning in a washing machine.  The frame is a sturdy metal and hard plastic combination, but it requires complete assembly.  The assembly is relatively easy, with just a Philips screwdriver necessary to attach the 6 screws.  I would like to point out that the toy bar snaps into place.  Most other models feature a swivel bar to conveniently and quietly move toys and baby without waking her up.A "D" battery is required for the vibration to work and it is NOT included.  Button cell batteries, 3 "LR44" or equivalent, are required for the elephant to play music, but those are included.  Both battery cases require a screw driver to open and change.  The instructions are in English and Spanish.Overall the bright colors and rocking feature make this a very nice toy.  The versatility with the kick stand and ability to make it a rocking chair for a toddler is a big bonus.  The toy bar is nothing special and it is a simple design and construction.  Given the myriad of baby toys, sleepers, and swings it depends on what you are looking for to determine if this is for you.  I think it is a great toy, especially for its ability to transition with your baby.  If it lasts, that makes it a worthy buy: recommended.
Love these. For some reason, most other bibs I've tried had uncoated fabric edging, which means you can't just wipe food off the trim, however easily it wipes off the main portion of the bib. That means you either send it through the wash (and most of them say not to machine wash them), or slowly build up nasty, unremovable crusties along the trim and piping until the bib is so gross you just throw it out. These are not like that. Food rinses easily off the entire thing, front and back, main part, pocket, and trim. So great! Even if you forget and find the bib a few hours later, it rinses right off with just warm water. They're also soft and flexible enough that my toddler doesn't pull or complain about it until she's done with her meal. First bib I can say that about. I threw all her old bibs away after getting these.
I prefer Avent breast pads to Gerber and Lansinoh as they are more absorbent, stay in place with adhesive and are really comfortable to wear. I found that Gerber pads leaked straight through and Lansinoh pads were too thin and I hated that wet and burning sensation when wearing them [I leaked a lot and the pads got soaked in minutes and were rubbing my nipples badly :(] Avent pads are realy cushy and soft, and they conform to the natural shape of the breast. They are also perfectly sized: had they been a little bigger, they would hardly fit in the bra. I think they are inexpensive enough for you to try (there're trial 2-packs and packs of 40 pads for less than $5 at Target and Babies'R'Us/Toys'R'us stores). I really like Avent pads better than any other disposable pads I tried. :)
Bought this for potty training.  It is lightweight and feels flimsy, but my child has no problem with it.  My child can put on the toilet and off all alone, which is great.  when weight is placed on the step there is no sliding.  the step is big enough for child to run around on.the only thing this needs is a better splash guard for boys, or a tigher fit to the existing toiletseat.considering buying a 2nd for our 2nd bathroom.installation took 30 seconds.folds up nice and flat for storage.
Nice shade, pretty easy to apply, but can be ugly if there are air bubbles.  Doesn't cover whole window.
I love the cups but did not like the fact that the colors are varied. I have a grandson and received a pink cup. Other than that the cups are great snack holder!
I puree steamed veggies all the time for my Sneaky Chef recipes and use these trays all the time.  They work great and I like that they are BPA free.  Also good for ice cubes b/c the covers help with evaporation.
Love this bath seat! I have been using this daily for my newborn since he was a few weeks old and he is over three months old now. I use it 2 ways: 1) I put this on the bathroom counter next to the sink when I want to wipe his face or give him a quick wipe down and 2) I use this in our regular bathtub when I give him a bath. The slightly angled seat is perfect to support the baby's back/head. The seat design allows me to reach to the back of his neck to wipe the hard-to-reach parts. The sloping seat also enables me to shampoo his hair and give him a bath without another pair of hands to help.The suction cup at the bottom ensures that the seat doesn't budget from either the counter or the big bathtub. My baby feels secure and makes bathtime an enjoyable experience. I highly recommend this any parents!
Now that my daughter is back to work and using her pump, I could say these wipes are perfect. Great!
I purchased 2 of these for 2 separate openings.  They arrived promptly and packaged very well to avoid any shipping damage.  One package contained all parts, however the other was missing one of the hanging brackets (but gave me 2 of another part) needed to attach to the wall.  I could have gone through the trouble of shipping back to Amazon.com and ordering another, but instead decided to contact the manufacturer directly.  Within 2 days, I received the correct piece and now have both gate units in full use.  My grandson is 13 months and he has attempted to push it to dislodge it, but it held its ground!  The gate is very easy to set up, only needing a drill and phillips screwdriver.  I think this was a very smart investment and you can't beat the price.  It folds up compactly and swivels so you can keep it attached on one side and have it out of the way against a wall...but you can easily detach the entire unit and just keep the hinge and lock pieces on the wall.  The color is not intrusive whatsoever.  Although this product is made of plastic, it is made very well.  Our entryways are from removing 2 French doors each entry, so I was limited as to what gates would fit such a large space.  These fit the bill, and we still have a good 3-4 inches left for full extension.  I am contemplating on ordering another gate for another area around my kitchen...but will wait and see if I really need another one to replace the "piece meal" gate I am using in that area.  I highly recommend these gates.  Great price, great quality, and the customer service with the manufacturer stands behind their products...and of course, Amazon.com is the best way to shop too!
Such an easy and low cost way to protect your little one from the harms of electrical outlets. My daughter is obsessed with outlets and these cheap and easy fixtures just pop right in, and pop right out when needed and it keeps her from playing around and putting things in the sockets.
This does it's job.  I have to scrub the seat with a Magic Eraser because a normal wash cloth sometimes will not remove the food.
I bought one of these at a dept store because we'd arrived at a restaurant and realized we'd forgotten the baby bag. (It cost me dearly - Amazon's prices are much cheaper!) Now it lives in my car, stocked and waiting.Trust me... you'll forget your baby bag eventually. It's cheap and easy to stash a spare in the car. Plus, it could save evening or errands from being ruined.This is a great baby shower gift!
Good old, classic outlet plug. What's not to like? Cheap and easy way to keep kiddos at bay. Baby hasn't been able to remove them thus far so they're doing their job!
Our baby has slept in his Swaddleme every night since he was born. He loves it and wouldn't sleep without it! It also keeps him warm through the night without risking using a blanket. Now that he's two months old, he's decided he doesn't want his right arm wrapped in the swaddle. This doesn't alter the usefulness of the swaddle, though.We haven't had any problems with him breaking out of the swaddle.It was an excellent purchase and we have two flannel and four fleece. We use them daily. Excellent purchase.
For $13.50 from Amazon, you can't beat this item.  It's made almost entirely of plastic, but it's plenty sturdy to keep a toddler from breaking through it.You should be aware that this is designed to attach to a *flat* wood or drywall surface on both sides.  (If drywall, I'd highly recommend you pick up some anchors, since this doesn't come with any.)  I managed to attach it to our metal stair railing by securing a 1x3 to a post with U-bolts and screwing the brackets into the 1x3.It is not the easiest to latch or unlatch, so I would not necessarily recommend it for a high-traffic area.
I had been shopping for a toy hammock for my daughter's room so that I could get the stuffed animals off the dresser and out of the crib. All of the ones I found were not very pretty and looked  huge. This bag has basically completed the look of her room. It hangs easily on the side of her crib and holds lots of toys. Other bags like this are way more expensive, so at about $15, it's a great value. I love it!
I received this as a shower gift for my first baby and it is by far my favorite baby item - so much so that I've bought it as a gift for five friends with new babies.  It's the perfect blanket for little ones because it protects them from wetness on the grass and sharp things underneath.  Spills from food or spit up are super easy to clean.  And it easily folds up with a handy strap to carry or throw over a stroller.  The one downside is that over time, it gets dirty and there is no way to clean it other than by hand.  So with heavy use, I may replace mine in another year or so.
These discs are great for using Avent bottles to store breastmilk (which I loved) but also great for sealing off bottles while on the go (Breast milk, water, formula, juice any liquid)
I had a fleece sleepsack and found that my baby got too warm in it... so I found this material and find it to be more breathable and very soft!  I would purchase this again over the fleece!!  Love the sleepsacks!!
They are very soft and much more comfortable than disposables. I just throw them in washer and dryer and they still keep the original shape. I don't leak that much, so it's not a problem at all.
I bought one for the playroom and it worked so well I bought another for my child's bedroom.  Love it!  I actually have quite a pile of stuffed animals in them and they hold up just fine.
We like this bottle system.  It is easy to mix the formula.  Sometimes it leaks, but if you pay attention to what you're doing when you assemble the bottle, it's usually okay.  Sometimes there is excess air in the bottle, but it's getting better.  The nipple is fine--my baby basically went from breast to bottle and this bottle was fine.  Easy to clean too.  An all-around practical bottle.  I may try different bottles out just for comparison, but this is a great standby.
My kids 2-4-6 love this seat, well the 6 yr old I big for it, but he used to like it.  It's easy to transport and the padding covers hinges well, so no pinching!  It's comfortable according to them, and keeps them from falling in.  Easy to clean. Very happy  with the purchase.
We love this toy but wish we would have gotten the larger one.  My daughter is small so thought this size would be better but is too small for her to ride on but she loves to push it around the house.  Well made and very cute.
my son will sit and look when I move my hands on it; he likes to lay on it and feel the cool water; he likes to smack the fish during tummy time; best toy i've bough hands down!
Our car does not have a middle headrest and we have leather seats, so if I had read these reviews first, I might not have registered for this mirror. I'm certainly glad that I have it now! My husband rigged it up on one of the side seat headrests without too much trouble and it works just fine. It is at a bit of an angle, but who cares as long as I can see my son? If your car is like mine, be prepared for some fiddling, but it will work. It's on there very securely and hasn't moved in the three months we've had it.I love being able to glimpse at my son when we are driving around, just to see how/what he is doing. A friend of mine doesn't have the mirror and she turns around at every stop to check on her son (we can't help it - we're first time moms).By the way, we were concerned about it becoming a projectile in a crash, but, when we had the carseat installation checked by our insurance company, they said it was secure enough and not to worry. Especially if it kept me from turning around in my seat every few minutes!
I highly recommend this product for a kid that hates wearing a bib..my son (11 months) couldn't take it off like all the other tens of bibs we tried and he actually treats it as of it's t-shirt or sth :D
This is the 3rd set of bibs I've bought and by far the best.  They're huge, easy to clean and dry, and best of all, they're comfortable so my son isn't always trying to take it off.  Plus, even if he were to try, because he has to put his arms through the sleeve holes, the bib can't be taken off easily like most other bibs.  With any other bib, he gets agitated (because the plastic can be hard around the neck) and just pulls hard and the velcro gives way and it comes off.  With this one, he seems to forget that it's on.  And of course, since it's so big, it really does a good job of protecting his clothes.The only issue I have, and it's a minor one, is that the pocket really doesn't catch any food.GET TWO cuz you'll inevitably lose one when going out
Bought this for my son. So far he hasn't used it much, but thats because he is still quite young. But I am sure once he is a bit older he will love it. Only issue I have is the mat isn't as big as I thought it would be. But besides that its colorful, pretty interactive and I can see getting a lot of use out of it.
The Diaper Genie is sooo easy to use and they always have coupons on refills.  I love it.. Even my husband can use it lolol... u just pop a diaper in til u feel the grabber thingys and then close it and twist the lid and it locks in the diaper... I can keep it next to the changing table and know my son can't get into it and won't smell his nasty poopies..
This toy makes life so much easier for long car rides! Since hard toys or those that attach to car seats aren't recommended for use in the car, our baby just holds onto this one in the car... It has just enough variety to keep her entertained for trips (she does not enjoy car rides otherwise) yet we feel safe using it in the car. Long car rides are so much better since we purchased this toy! And the clip can be used if we want to use it when we use a stroller, too. A good toy.
This is a nice frame. It's heavy and definitely suggests quality. The lines and edges are smooth. It's detailed and has a lot going on, so it definitely will be eye catching even amongst other frames, and also looks good just on its own.The finish is definitely more pewter and not at all silver. That's fine with me - but just wanted to clarify for anyone wondering.
I love my little girls and wanted to get them something special. I found this and loved it! I've told others about this and they love it as well. My girls may not understand it now, but one day they will.
I bought this cover for my cribmattress.It fits perfectly(130 /70/10 cm)with the elastic lining. It's comfortable to lay on, is easy to wash in the washingmachine. I let it dripdry after washing. don't think it will survive a dryer well. I believe it would fit a 15 cm thick mattress too.I am happy I bought this one. I'll order a other one for when this one is worn out.
When my daughter got too old for her bath seat I decided to purchases a "transitional" tub to ease her into the big tub. She loved this! I think it also helped in her liking baths in the big tub because she never once seemed scared of the transition when she got too big for this duck.
the stiff portuding pocket designed to catch dropped food is a simple but amazing invention! it results in less cleanup and less wasted food (my daughter actually eats the dropped food out of the pocket - a little strange, but very efficient for everyone!). it will easily catch & hold liquids as well.my only complaint is that i wish this came in some cuter, more varied designs. i have a couple different colors, but get tired of seeing that bjorn bear at every meal.
We love this sleep sheep as it is a great way to help our second child tune out the noise of our first child. It is a great size, and the controls are easy and effective. The only major flaw we have found is that when the time is up, the sound just shuts off abruptly which sometimes wakes up our daughter. It would be so much better, in my opinion, if they would make it so that when the sound ends, it fades out instead of just stopping. Overall, a great product and I would definitely buy it again.
We purchased this about 9 months ago and it has worked great. The wipes stay warm and they haven't dried out. It's VERY important to rinse out the pad inside every week or else it gets crusty and dirty. I've replaced the pad every few months. I would have given 5 stars but after about 8 months the lid stopped shutting and we were putting a tissue box on top to keep the lid down. I returned it to Amazon, free return shipping and they replaced the product- the lid seems to work much better on this one. It's one of those not necessary products but we found it really useful to have warm wipes with an infant who was born in the winter. Also we keep something in front of the green indicator light because it does glow quite a bit- might be good to find your way in a dark room but I didn't like it lighting up our nursery.
Works well with our Pura Kiki bottles. Isn't completely leak proof in that if your child sips but doesn't swallow all that they sipped that portion will leak out when cup is turned over. Otherwise it does appear to be virtually leakproof.
We've been using this bottle warmer for 3 mo's.  Mommy pumps milk, refrigerates it and then we heat it when it's time to feed.  We love this warmer!  It takes up very little counter space and heats consistently time after time.  When the milk is ready it shuts off automatically so we can multi-task.  It was priced right, too!
Before I had my baby, I was thoroughly confused by all of the bottle options available. I started doing research & this one came highly recommended. Now I know why!!!! Hardly any cleaning!!!!! If you're not a complete germ phobe & not super messy while making the bottle, you rarely have to wash the bottles or rings. Just change out the drop in, wash the nipple & you're set. I've only had to wash the bottles or rings when I've accidentally gotten the formula on them. My only complaint is the "leak proof" lid. I only tried it once. Put the lid on the bottle & put the bottle in the outside side pocket of the diaper bag. Bag wasn't jostled or knocked around or anything & the bottle totally leaked. So, the "leak proof" tops are not leak proof. Still, I wouldn't use any other bottle.
We love it. Once we figured out how to use it for bottles and bottles of baby food. Very convenient.
This floppy is a godsend.  I love how it can hold toys and protects my toddler son's mouth from so many nasty store germies.  The material is soft and comfy so baby isn't sitting on a cold hard seat and it's easy to pack back up into the bag.My only gripe is the price.  Money is no object for my son's safety but $40 can be a lot of money, especially for a full time student.I would recommend this for any parent and I'm very satisfied with this floppy.
Drool! Drool! And more Drool! You know what time it is? Time for teeth and more drool! At first sight I thought to myself that this giraffe looks irritating with the kind of face you just wanna punch. I guess that's exactly why our daughter 3.5 months with two front teeth loves Sophie! If you precious bundle of joy is experiencing the added irritation of getting their teeth then get them Sophie. I always read reviews before I order things from Amazon, and I read reviews that said things like &#34;DOG TOY&#34; &#34;BAD SMELL&#34; &#34;DOTS COMING OFF&#34; and a whole bunch of other stuff, and almost passed up on Sophie. NOT TRUE! Get Sophie! She's so cute and I no longer wanna punch her face in because she helps my daughter so much and now I see Sophie as a Saint! Saint Sophie!Sophie is in great shape! Not only is she slim and fit but she is also extremely easy for baby to hold! After taking Sophie out of her house...I mean box and washing her well my wife handed her to our daughter and right away she could hold Sophie and chomp on her neck like a vampire! Really! It was so spontaneous! It's like our daughter was pre programed to know exactly what Sophie was there for! Now she has moved on and taken more interest in gnawing on Sophie's legs, sometimes she even has fits about chewing on her snout! The best part about this is that she feels better when she's chewing on Sophie kind of like when a Lion is chewing on a giraffe in Africa.I wouldn't wait to get Sophie especially if your baby is irritated all the time because their teeth is starting to protrude. Next time your baby starts to cry and get fussy look at Sophies face and if you feel like punching her in the nose BUY Sophie! I would also recommend getting the Fisher Price Seahorse with the glowing belly!!
When my son was put in the NICU, he immediately stopped nursing.  I'm assuming it was due to the stress.  While I was at the hosptal, I used their Ameda Elite hospital pump, but at home, I was pumping full time with this pump.  It gets the job done quickly and the handle is very comfortable.The milk can leak out the sides, which can be very upsetting, especially if you're pumping for a hospitalized newborn and you need every drop you can get.  You just have to make sure to keep the pump perfectly upright.  Don't tilt it at all!I didn't have any problems with creaking, and if I did, I'd just take it apart and put it together and the problem was solved.I also know some had problems with the milk getting backed up and the silicone star not letting the milk flow to the container, but you just have to be sure to release the handle completely so the milk can flow out.  Another way to get it into the container is the break the suction between the pump and breast and pump the handle a few times.This pump worked great and I was able to come up with ways to avoid problems until I had used it (full time) for a month and a half.  The star would start getting sucked up into the top even if I slightly pumped the handle.  I emailed Avent and they emailed me back and had some great tips (great customer service, by the way!).  They said to boil the silicone parts for 10 minutes in water and 2 teaspoons of white vinegar... and viola! Problem solved.  If you use it as much as I did, the tackiness of the silicone wears and has to be fixed by the boiling.Lastly, I read some had problems getting everything to fit in the bag.  It takes talent, I tell you!  My advice is this: Remember how it was packaged in the first place!  Before you take it out of the bag, take note of how it's arranged.  After several attempts, I finally got it all back in.All in all, it's a great pump if you don't want to invest in an electric pump, or if you're only pumping occationally and you work around some of the little issues.  In those instances, I'd definitely recommend it!  I have an Ameda Purely Yours as well, and overall, I'd suggest paying the extra money and get an electric if you're working or having to pump full time, or you just want more convience.I hope this review helps, as I wanted it to be my best, considering all the experience I've had with so many pumps!
I registered for it because of all the great online reviews.  I am so glad that I received it for a shower gift.  It is great!!  My daughter is 1 month and does not fuss at all during bathtime.  It is like a little raft in the tub.  She fits in it perfectly and you do not have to worry about baby slipping or moving  around.  The pillow cushions baby safely.  I do agree it is a bit difficult to wring out but like others said if you hang it up it dries by the next morning.
Our daughter started wearing this to bed (night and naps) when she was around 6.5 months. It is neither too thick or thin, and we love the fact that it is cotton. She might not necessarily need a swaddle anymore, but when we put it on it helps her recognize that it is time to fall asleep. Basically, it became a part of a routine she is comfortable with.
PROS- FIT:  3T was a perfect match for my 2 year and 11 month old toddler.  My son is in the 70% for height and weight.- PULL UP STYLE: Many reusable swim diapers have snaps on the side.  This one is a pure pull up style which is awesome for my toddler who is already potty trained.  This is very convenient since my son doesn't like to stop playing for potty breaks.  This pull up style cuts our bathroom time in half.- SHIPPING:  Arrived at my door in 5 daysCONS- Sexy sheen:  That look might be cute on a stripper, but, not so cute on a toddler.  Although this sheen is preventing me from buying this swim diaper again, I am only taking one star off sine the sheen since the sheen is depicted in the picture. I just wish they would have name the color &#34;shimmering royal blue&#34; instead of just &#34;royal blue.&#34;  We will only be using this swim diaper at home when we do not have any guests in the house.
The Nuby sippy cups and The First Year disposable sippy cups are the only ones that my 12+ months son likes.  I bought numerous other brands of sippy cups, and most of them he can't manage to get any drink.  I highly recommend this for babies learning to use sippy cup.
This was perfect for our needs. We needed something small and light-weight for quick trips to the store, restaurants and travel.If your baby falls asleep and you need to run an errand, no problem! Now that our son is too big for this I dread having to go to a store that isn't walking distance near nap time.If you want to go out to dinner and eat with two hands, just put your baby in this thing. Even if he's awake you can still talk to him and engage him.And for those airplane trips to introduce him to the family, you can use the stroller to carry the carseat and your baby through the airport.  (I would recommend making sure you have read the directions and done a trial run of using your carseat without the base before you go.)
Loved this pillow during pregnancy.  The small crook goes nicely under your head while the length of the pillow supports your tummy.  The sleepless nights I had before this pillow almost stopped immediately once it arrived. I just used two pillow cases to cover the pillow rather than spending extra money for a fitted one.
I actually tried many bottles before I splurged and bought these.I spent alot of money on the Avent bottles because they were supposed to be the closest to the breast. I nursed my twins for about 4 1/2 months, so I thought the Avent would be the best. However, they leaked and formula would actually squirt from the sides of my boys mouth.I tried the Dr. Browns, and my boys took right to them. They would finish a bottle in about 1/2 the time and no more caving in nipples or leaks. They do still tend to spit up and have alot of gas from the other end, so I'm not sure about how much gas these bottles actually reduce.They are rather time consuming to clean because of all the parts. And I do wish they made handles to attach so it would be easier for my boys to learn to hold their bottles.These are still by far my boys favorite bottle.
"Hands down the best thing I received as a baby shower gift. No sound interception at all, excellent image even in pitch dark. You can even see your baby breathing the image is so good. It saved me during sleep training and helped keep me from needlessly entering his room and thus waking him."Our baby is 13 months now and I have to add that this monitor is now helping us to know if he is sick when he cries out. We know that he has a different sounding cry when he is sick but you can actually see if he has gotten sick because the monitor shows a darkness in the area where he has gotten sick on the sheet. I can immediately run up knowing he needs me. Its also a lot of fun to watch him play when he wakes and waits for us to get him out. I think I'll be using this until he's 18! : )
I don't have anything to compare this activity gym to, but overall I am satisfied with this purchase. My son is 4 months old now. When he was a little younger he enjoyed watching the lights and listening to the melodies. Now he is mostly interested in grabbing at the dangling toys. He doesn't engage with much of the other features yet. He doesn't use it for very long. I think because he doesn't really like being on his back and also he gets frustrated because he wants to pull the toys down to chew on them. However, it is good when I want to get something done like the dishes or washing my hands after a diaper change.The thing I don't like about his gym is that the battery is in the giraffe which connects to the lights and sounds on top, so if you move it around a lot it messes with the connection.
Bought these for my 2 year old Granddaughter. I am now a hero with my Daughter-in-law. They really save her clothes & the carpet.
I bought 4 Lamaze toys based on their 5 stars reviews, Buzz the Bug, Freddie the Firefly, Mortimer the Moose, and Jacques the Peacock. They are all beautiful and good quality and all have teething rings, squeakers, crinkles, and rattles. BUT to be honest Jacques the Peacock beats them all so easily, my baby only cares about jack. When she was born I show her the High contrast Black and White dots on jack's wings, and she was so mesmerized for several minutes.. While I agree that all Lamaze baby products are good and worth buying, but I think 1 or 2 is enough.
This is great if your kiddo moves while sleeping! On a cool night you toss this on, zip it up, and they're good to go, no matter where they go! Mine is all over the place as she sleeps so keeping a blanket on would be a nightmare. It's also nice- the cooler fabric ones- for a warm night with just a diaper so your kid doesn't take their diaper off. I would highly recommend this to anyone! We started using one at about 3 months and still do! (She's 1 year now)
I have 4month infant twins and I started with one of these but they both like it so much (especially the crinkle sound) that I ordered a second one. They're favorite toy!
This is so cute! Lights up for a great night light and adds little images on the wall and ceiling! My little one loves this at bedtime
Diaper Champ works well for me. It holds lots of diapers and I do not have to spend money on refill bags.  I use tall kitchen trash bags. I am starting to notice an oder escape from the diaper pail but it's nothing that I cannot handle.  I just use that as a sign to empty it, spray with Lysol and replace the bag.
This works very well under my son's car seat.  It helps it to stay put, no sliding around, and also protects the seat from any spills and/or crumbs.
This is a great set at a descent price. I like that the top sheet has fittes ends. That makes it so much easier. The pillow case is perfect because it can be used for a toddler pillow of an asult pillow. Loved the material
I highly recommend this diaper pail.  We love the ability to take out the trash anytime, and the ease of getting to the bags and replacing the bags.  We have also put regular trash bags in when we have run out the refills and that works great as well.  This is one of the only diaper pails I have seen that would have a life beyond the baby stage.
The product was good and served its prupose.. At times there would be a leak from the bottle, I guess this was because we left it a little longer in there.. Easy to clean and used it well the initial 4 months of my newborn.
I had never heard of these, but when my Safety 1st Complete Air 65 would NOT tighten up in my IL's late 1990s Toyota RAV4, I started researching.  This has made her RFing car seat much, much safer.It is very difficult to install.  But the reason being, the instructions tell you to tighten the seat as much as you can, then unbuckle and add the locking clip.  Trying to re-buckle really is tough, but it should be.  Your seat is then securely fastened!Their seatbelt DID lock, but the locking was older and wearing - so it wasn't as quick to lock.  This is keeping her seat from sliding in the lap-belt.  I would highly recommend it for anyone finding this problem in an older car!
I hate to use that as my title cause you hear it all the time BUT I swear I have tried just about all of them and this one is by far my favorite... Honestly everything is going to give you a little back pain after awhile... heck my purse alone does... But this Bjorn distributes the weight and pressure of the baby that you honestly will be thrilled with the carrier. I have tried all of the little cheap ones and I figured I was saving money but not I have a carrier collection and only use my bjorn. So Honestly Save money by purchasing just one.My son loved me holding him when he was little and when he got  interested in looking around I just flipped him around and he had the comforts of mom but yet could see everyone else.. And I had the use of my two arms... :-)
Our 1 year old hates being on the changing table, so we got rid of it and purchased this instead, hoping that this piece of furniture will last through his childhood. I think it has an excellent chance of doing just that!Our old set up was an open-style changer, a plastic drawer tower for supplies, and a small trash can with a PUL fabric liner used for a diaper pail (cloth diapers). This worked fine for the first year, when organization didn't matter as much since the baby couldn't get into much or pull the pail over, etc.Now that he's into toddlerhood and we have our eye on potty training, this dresser has really fit the bill for making his room more appropriate for a little guy who toddles, spills and investigates.The drawers are nice and big. We can store EVERYTHING and more in them that we had on the old set up, including his bed linens, cloth diapers and supplies, and some clothing.The door section contains an adjustable shelf; on the highest level, we can shove our diaper pail inside the door, which keeps little hands out of it and has the added effect of containing the occasional smell/mess. If you are wondering whether this one will fit your small diaper pail, like I was, the answer is a resounding YES!We now change &#34;on-the-go&#34;, so we've never used the top for a change pad. But the top is ample for a pad and supplies, so I have no doubt you could start your nursery with this, no problem. We are using it as a platform for stuffed animals and his lamp, and it looks very cute.The result of using this dresser is that our sprawling diapering set up is now a neat, if fairly large, single piece of furniture, freeing up a lot more room to play.Assembling this beast was time consuming if not particularly difficult. There aren't any written instructions, just diagrams, but if you patiently account for all parts ahead of time, it's not too hard to put together. I did it on a weekend night while my husband and I watched SNL episodes, and I didn't find any part of it to be aggravating. It's a really well-made kit. The drawer faces and the framing pieces all appear to be made of actual wood, while the sides and top surface are laminated particle board. Obviously I'd love to see this be 100% wood, but for relatively low-priced kid furniture, I don't think it's a huge deal.All in all, this is one of my favorite pieces of &#34;assemble it yourself&#34; type furniture, and I would recommend it again and again, especially to those in need of a cloth diapering station that can transition to a regular old dresser once the diapers are done with!
My 7-mo old son loooves this thing. When he's fussing, this always quiets him.  Just a slice of apple in there, and he's occupied for a good 20 minutes! Also very easy to wash, and fits nicely in a diaper bag.
I really like this bed, so does my 2 year old!! It's beautiful and seems to be a good quality product.The ONLY reason I gave it 4 stars is because there is NO WAY I could sit on the bed and read my little girl a bed time story. I realize this bed is for toddlers and is built accordingly. But I would like to be able to sit next to her and read or rub her back to calm her down. On the other hand, it is pretty close to the floor-which is where you have to sit to comfort your little one..
My daughter will play with these, but they are not her favorites. She likes to study them and then throw them down. She likes the one with the pop-up faces and the "gear-like" one the best. I think they are pretty neat, too. Well-constructed, good size (smaller than a tennis ball, I think--maybe a racquet ball?) for small hands. They are hard plastic, though, so be careful if your little one likes pitching baseballs!Overall a good toy, and I'm glad I got them for her.
This is a really cute and well made item.  Bright, colourful and makes noise.  The tune is short enough that it isn't totally irritating.  The measurement side is irrevelant for us as our son was longer than the inchworm at 8 weeks (Hes going to be very tall!) It is a shame that it doesn't have a long clip or hook so that it can be clipped to a pushchair(Stroller) and not fall on to the floor. Good value for money.
Not sure how much cleaning it does, but my daughter chews on it and I rub it back and forth on her teeth and gums to get her used to a toothbrush.  Great for the price.
My grandson, 14 months, uses this chair daily. He is comfortable and safe in it. The cleanup is a breeze. The only problem we have had is that he learned within a week to lift the white insert out and watch the food fly everywhere. Now we only use the blue tray for feeding. Hopefully as he ages, this will cease to be a game and we can use the insert again. I especially like the idea of the of the lid to keep it clean or packed with snacks on a trip so it is restaurant ready.
The nursing pillow is great and does exactly what its supposed to; offer good back support as well as helping to maintain a good latching position.  It's a little difficult to get on with one hand when baby is already in my arms, but its still manageable.  Love the little pocket as its a great place to keep my nipple cream.Overall great product and would definitely recommend if breastfeeding.
I purchased this activity mat from Amazon a few months ago for my son and while he loves the mat, I do have some lingering questions.1. What caused the rainbow to shoot out of the giraffe's head?  Does it hurt him?  Is it indicative of a super power?2. I can identify the monkey, the birds and the fish on the mat, but what are the other two animals?  I suspected that one was a zebra, but my husband insists it is a snow tiger.  That seems ridiculous...this is the jungle, people.  The other one might be a cheetah, but it has hooves.  I like to verbally label things as my son looks at them but these two have me stumped.3. Why must I violate the giraffe, who already seems to be in some distress due to the rainbow situation, every time I need to replace the batteries?On the bright side, I think this mat will come in very handy during lessons on tolerance and the ethics of scientific experimentation on animals.
This works well to keep a baby busy. It's just too bad you can't change the battery. The battery hasn't run out yet though. I did buy this previously for another baby and I don't recall the battery running out for a long time.
For starters, we actually found this at a Marshall's store near us for only $34.99, so, we couldn't pass it up!Our son was born a day before a major snow storm in NJ, and we had this ready to go in the car seat the day we left the hospital. Let me just say it has been wonderful!! Ever since he was born, our baby has kept snuggly warm when being transported from car to house and anywhere else we brought him in the car seat. I, too, have seen no problem with the seat belt laying funny, not sure what that one reviewer was talking about.When we take him out of the car into the elements, we zip it up all the way and use the loose flap at the top to hold up with the car seat handle, so he is covered and protected from wind/snow/rain, but not smothered. He never wakes up from being cold.It also is a great neutral color (we have the graphite), which matches our grey/blue car seat perfectly!I look forward to using this throughout the rest of the winter. It is a great buy, I'm so glad we found it.
My triplets were born at 33 weeks and from the beginning they did great.  Except that the biggest (4 lbs 9 oz) had reflux almost after every feeding.  It was so bad that when it happened he would scare himself and would not be able to go back to sleep without being held and rocked.When you have to feed 3 babies every 3 hours, holding a baby and rocking him back to sleep, cuts down on your sleep.We bought the Inclined to Sleep.  During the first night, after his first two feedings he was reflux free and at his last night time feeding he had a minimal episode, which he quickly returned to sleep afterwards.We did cover the head area with a cloth to catch any spit up.  He did slide down after having an episode of reflux.  When babies get reflux it hurts.  Babies arch their backs to try to get away from the pain and that is usually when they start to slide down the wedge.  I never have any concerns with my baby sliding down and pressing his nose against the side barriers because I am right there to clean him up.  .I would highly recommend this product to parents that have babies with reflux.  It may not prevent your baby from having reflux but it does cut down on the episodes and brings comfort to your baby.
Nice for bath time
I bought this for out little granddaughter rather than buying a high chair, which would take up floor space.  I taped a thick plastic sheet onto the fabric seat cushion of one of the kitchen chairs (one that has arms) and used the self-straps to strap it securely to the chair.  Although she now can use a regular chair &#34;like a big girl&#34; but on her knees, here she regards it as &#34;her special chair&#34; and will ask to sit in it to eat, to color, whatever.  I am happy I bought this.  We stopped using the attached trays fairly quickly, though, but they worked well when we used them.  Once she no longer needs it at the table it can also be used as a booster on movie theater seats.
We really like this blanket.  It has a very contemporary look to it.  I really like how easily it folds up.  My friend has a blanket where you have to fold it and stuff it into the built-in pocket.  This one folds up very easily and has a velcro strip at the end.  I love that it has a handle so you can carry it easily (especially when holding little one).  The material is durable.  The only downside is that I kind of wished it had more padding, however that would probably make it less portable and more heavy.  Overall, I highly recommend it.  My friend saw me use it and ended up buying one for their daughter.
My son is 4-months old and the sleepsacks I had were all way too thick and warm for the summer. This cotton sleepsack is think, breathable and soft for him to wear in the summer to bed and for naps.
I have bought these on 2 separate occasions and I couldn't be happier with them. I cloth diaper, so cloth wipes was a natural thing to have as well. I tried to make my own with some flannel, but they just didn't stand up as well as these - were always wrinkled funny out of the dryer and didn't seem to wipe off as easily. These are always pretty flat after the dryer - even when I put them in wadded up in a wet ball - and are &#34;rough&#34; enough to get the poo off my baby, but not too rough to irritate. Would recommend.
It is a good product and is comfortable for the baby sleep better. I like a lot and use again for my next baby!
We bought these when my son was 6 months old. It's a year later, and he still loves them. He is able to figure out a million ways to use these cups and they are always a go-to toy for him. I highly recommend them.
Solid quality. Nice pink color for a girl. Good price. I needed an extra potty for the downstairs bathroom and this one works great.
This toy is pretty heavy for my 5 month old, but because if the removable keys, he can still play with it minus a key or two. The weird black and white ball is what gets my son's attention right away, but the sound the key make is a nice clacking sound and keeps him interested. The keys also have rubbery nubs on them so they provide a nice sensory experience. But the best thing about these keys is the little ribbon shreds at the top of the striped ball... My son is in love and caresses them and chews on them whenever he plays with this. It's pretty funny. Good quality toy.
We bought one of these for my car because I was concern that the car seat would damage the leather in my car. We liked it so much that we bought a second one for my wife's car even though her car has cloth seats. It really helps keep things clean, and prevents crumbs and liquids from going into the seat cracks. The front pocket is convenient, and the 2 in 1 feature means this product will be useful for years. We have the car seat mounted in the middle back seat and the cover does kind of cover the seat belt anchor for the rear passenger seat, but its easy enough to find once you know to lift the flap.
This product  is very good, my friend very like it. so Iwill buy another item at here and tell my another friend buy it.
I must have tiny nipples because I have tried the medium and small and neither fit like the Medela pump instructions say they should. I have stuck with the small size and once over the initial pumping discomfort am happy with my purchase.
This is an awesome tub. It's huge so Lo can stay in for a lot longer than most tubs. My daughter loves her bath time and her tub. The seat thing is great and does a good job at keeping her from slipping when I lay her back.
I use this for quick trips with my infant. If I were to be carrying my baby for a long period of time, I might use a different carrier that's supported by both shoulders, but they take forever to get done up. This one just slips over your head and baby fits in easily. I use it to go outside with her and I even walked around the farmers market the other day quite comfortably. I still keep at least one hand on baby for stability. If you're going to be taking your baby in and out of the carrier, ie when visiting friends or a restaurant, this carrier is great. And...the price was reasonable. I'm glad I got one and recommend it to others.
I bought my grandson both the smaller and larger versionsI would recommend these products to anyone. A great sleep aid.
This was one of the things I added to my baby registry because I was supposed to.  It ended up being one of the best items we had for our baby.  I can't even believe the use we have gotten out of this item.  I can fit 4 disposable diapers, the included whip case, a few plastic diaper bags for dirty diapers and a face cloth in the 2 zippered and one mesh pocket.  In addition I could fit my nursing cover folded and clipped in.  For the first 6 months while I was only nursing this is all we needed.  If it was going to be a long outing I might have the full diaper bag in the car but this was all I ever needed to walk around with.  It allowed for an amazing since I freedom!  Now with a toddler the priorities have shifted.  This changer has held up great and now has a permanent home in our jogging stroller.
I am short of time and frazzle brained. I do not have time to figure out what goes where and how. The sling is so easy to use. Throw it over your head, slip in your arm, insert baby, tug to adjust. Done. What a relief on my back and arms. Love the easy removal for when the baby is sleeping and I want to put her in the crib. I just bend over and slip out without waking her. Wish I had seen this sling before with the other kids.
~*My wipes warmer fits perfectly with this product. i also like that my diapers aren't exposed to dust while sitting inside the diaper depot. but it doesnt fit my graco pack n play straight, it leans.*~
Mortimer is adorable, and he's great to attach to the car seat and stroller for trips. My little guy loves mouthing on this moose all day. It's a great size.
I love this product, it's great for on the go, the only downfall is that it's difficult to open sometimes.
Great capacity, easily folds to stow away, sturdy, doesn't buckle with a full load of laundry, can lift inner mesh bag to carry the laundry, holds up well in the wash (no shrinkage/discoloration).  I like the neutral look, works well in the nursery - doesn't compete with the rest of the decor.  Would definitely buy again.  If someone wishes to jazz it up, the front buttons could be replaced with something more decorative and keeping with the theme of the nursery.
I registered for this on a whim because it looked cute.  It keeps our baby so happy!  She doesn't love her swing and many other toys but this keeps her entertained for a long time.  She likes to dance to the music and it makes her giggle.  The hanging toys are wonderful.  She likes to "talk" to the hanging monkey for extended periods of time.  It may not look like much but this activity gym can be your best friend.  We have bought the jumperoo and the car mirror just so she can have other activities with her familiar jungle animal friends.
We have had our daughter in Halo sleep sacks since she was born.  We had to buy a new one for the upcoming summer months and Amazon did not disappoint.  Soft fabric in perfect breathable cotton.  Exactly what I wanted!
We bought this booster seat in orange for our almost two-year old. The orange is a lot brighter and prettier than shown online. It works well and cleans up easily.
I spent a lot of time researching diaper pails before I actually bought one. I spoke to other parents to see what they used and most said that the Diaper Champ was leaps and bounds better than the alternatives. Now, owning one myself, I agree. I don't have any problems with oders (uless I'm changing out the bag) and I don't have to spend tons of money on the refill bags. You will be suprised how many diapers you change and how quickly the cost of those refills add up! My son is now 3 months old and we are still on our first box of kitchen sized trash bags....I have two very small complaints which is why I didn't give the Diaper Champ 5 stars. First, I think that it could have been made a little larger so you wouldn't have to change the bags as often. Second, you have to be VERY careful when changing out the bags. The lid is heavy and if it falls on your fingers you won't be really happy. It probably happens to everyone at least once. Overall this is an excellent product and I recommend it over all others out there.
A friend loaned us 2 of these swaddlers and at first we thought our newborn daughter didnt like them. She squirmed and cried while we tried to wrap her up. So we tossed them aside. Later we watched "the happiest baby on the block" DVD (which I highly recommended) and realized that swaddling was step 1 of the multi step process of calming your child. Now we swaddle up the baby then add pacifer, vacuum cleaner noise, jiggling or putting her on her side (and sometimes all of the above) and she falls asleep in record time. We even swaddle her and put her in the swing and she will sleep up to 4 hours which is delightful. SURE, you can swaddle a child with most decent sized square blankets made out of a stretchy material so you dont neccisarly NEED this. BUT, at 3am, this swaddler simplifies the process. 3 pieces of Velcro and you're back to sleep. love it.
Perfect for your little one. Love the variety of classical music and rainforest sounds.My son loves it and lays in his crib for hours just watching the mobile move,Plus it is cute.
lots to do on this compact toy from Lamaze.  Some of their baby toys have almost TOO MUCH going on, but this one is just right and all its functions can be dealt with by tiny baby hands and don't require an adult to make it work.  Really fun toy.
My baby loves this item and especially she loves to suck my figure when I brush her teeth. Obviously she loves the taste.
my bb loves these! one flaw I find is the fish piece...the two ends are made of cloth! It gets wet and doesn't dry easily after my bb salivates all over it...the others are ok...but I wash all toys before handing 'em to my kid and I noticed after washing these, every single piece had water inside them! Took forever to dry...
When I was pregnant, I polled my "mom" friends on what they thought was a necessity.  A friend told me to get the miracle blanket.  I was skeptical at first, because at an average 25-30 dollars each, I thought that was kind of pricey.  My friend got me a couple for a baby shower gift, and the product name describes it.  My son slept thru the night starting at 5 weeks old!  This blanket truly is a miracle, and it is now a gift that I give to every expectant mother.  It prevented colic, helped him sleep thru the night and is very comfortable.If your baby is hot natured like mine is, i would suggest a thin onesie or t-shirt, but use this product!  It's super comfortable for the baby, and truly a miracle for mommy!
I don't take food out and about yet for my son - he is only 7 months old right now.  But we do use these at home to mix up foods for him and heat or keep fresh in the fridge.  The sizes are really convenient!  And, they are great for taking stuff to work!!  I use these for salsas and dressings, toppings, etc., for my lunches for work!  I love them!  They are dishwasher and microwave safe - can't beat them.  I am so glad I bought these.  I know we will use them more and more often as time goes on!
They go from bum to washer to dryer nicely.  No crying during diaper changes, which is a win, and they're great for everything, including the bath if we're short on washcloths.
I thought the regular Bumkins bibs were great, and then I got these! With cold weather came long sleeves and I was tired of pulling my 17 month old daughter's sleeves up, which only sort of worked anyway - she is a messy eater and getting into a defiant stage. These have been wonderful! No liquid soaks through, and the sleeves fit well so they drag in the food and are not cumbersome. The fabric is lightweight and breathable. We even used them with her formal Thanksgiving dress and, as usual, not a single drop or stain on her outfit. Now if they just made something for the hair and face! Hahaha! Seriously, best bib ever.
this is perfect size. not to big but makes traveling much easier. also the fact its waterproof simply rinse off and its clean until you can really wash it. the velcro strap also keeps it folded up so it only opens when you want it to.
I don't have babies anymore, they are too old for high chairs.  I do babysit on a regular basis though and I love this high chair.  It's so easy to put up and take down.  So when baby goes home for the day, this unhooks from the island very easy.  It's easy to store away and it's portable.  So I can take it with us when we go out to eat.  Love it!
It is a nice product and definitely keeps my baby warm with the colder months coming up. I can also tell that he will be able to use it will he is much older. However, I am currently using it on my City Mini Baby Jogger. I have found that after installing Bundle Me, I am not able to recline the seat. I need to leave it upright as the rubber strap that holds Bundle me to the stroller would not allow it to extend. also, with this installed, trying to get out the strap that folds the stroller into half is a little more cumbersome. Not absolutely perfect, but still defintely useful and more convenient than using a blanket to him him warm .
This brand is awesome. This bib is great for those meals that are really messy. And my LO can't remove it herself. Bonus!
These are oversized wood blocks, and I was really looking for a set that were on the large size. I bought these as a christmas gift for my 6 mo old, as I wanted her to have something she could easily grasp, I wouldn't worry about safety (swallowing) and would visually introduce letters and numbers (even if we were a WAYS off from actually learning). These were the perfect set. A bit more expensive than other sets, but in my mind, well worth the cost. My daughter is now almost 2.5 and the blocks are still in great shape. She still plays with them a few times a week, stacking and building - and all the graphics and edges look brand new. I wish the set came with a carrying case/bag or something to corral all the blocks. It would be nice to have a way to keep them together. I found a small fabric drawstring bag in my closet that worked out really well, but it would have been a nice add from the manufacturer. Otherwise - very cute set and my daughter is now at the age where she can easily group colors or begin to point out letters on the blocks. Great toy to grown with!
I like how the product came already together.  It is large and covers a good amount of space.  It appears to be sturdy and my 1 year old pulled up on without it falling over.  I mostly like that we can fold it and move it as needed.  After she is older we will keep it to block the dogs.  Overall a good purchase and I prefer it to a mounted gate.
My son was struggling with getting the hang of regular sippy cups, but he took to this cup right away.  I was worried about spilling, but it doesn't leak or spill unless he turns the cup upside down.  These are actually his favorite sippy cups.  He will now choose them over other cups.  He wants all of his drinks in this sippy.
Sophie is the new fad!! My 10 month old loves chewing on the ears. We take Sophie wherever we go! I've read reviews about the legs being a possible choking hazard, but as long as the baby is being supervised, there are no issues.
I am currently breast-feeding, but pump a bottle for my husband to use to feed our daughter at night.  I wasn't sure if I wanted to invest in one more thing - especially since we weren't going to need it constantly, but I'm very GLAD we did!  It saves time and makes a perfect bottle every time!As some of the other reviewers note, you DO need to read the directions to find out how much water to use with the amount of liquid you are heating.  For example, use the marking of 7 ml of water on the included measuring tool for 3-4 oz of milk or formula.  The measuring tool attaches to the side of the warmer so that it is always handy.All you do is measure the water and pour it into the warmer, then add the bottle.  Do not have a lid or nipple already on the bottle.  As long as you use the right amount AND wait for the water to evaporate entirely and turn itself off, you get a perfect bottle!  I like that you have a light that goes off when it's done.  It's a good visual cue that you can see from across the room.  You can also hear when the last of the water evaporates (a small hiss).I've used Dr. Brown's bottles - both the 4oz and 8 oz size - and it works great.
Unobtrusive, and my toddler hasn't figured them out yet -- can't argue with that.  They are a bit tricky to get in and out, and they require enough force that if your outlets aren't solidly mounted, they'll move about too.  They do the job, but I much prefer theSafe Plate for Electric Outlet - Bulk 25 Pack - White with Single Screw.  I used these where the Safe Plates wouldn't fit (double gangs, for instance).
i have had this bath through all three kids and it has held up.  We put the sling in the wash with no problems.  for baby # 3 i used it without the sling since it got lost sometime after baby # 2.  great bath!
My baby hated tummy time until I bought this... He was less than 3 months and he was already rolling over. I'm pretty sure this helped him a lot, toys and sounds encouraged him to move from side to side giving him the necessary impulse to roll over. He can stay here for at least 45 min. ( THIS IS a bless for me SINCE HE WOULD NOT STAY IN ANY OTHER PLACE THAN MY ARMS.. ohh and now in this mat...=))LOVE IT, LOVE IT, LOVE IT!!!
We originally bought this mobile in 2007 for our now 3yr old daughter, she LOVED it so much that we left it up until she could unscrew it from the crib (about 15mths).  The music is perfect for soothing very soft & slow and the motion is engaging enough to grab their attention but subtle enough to lull them to sleep.  Also the battery life is decent, in use every night & 2 naps a set of batteries would last 4-6 months.  Even after being in use that long it was still in great condition so we took it out for our son (2 months old) but he does not appear to be a fan.  Possibly he'll like it as he gets older but for now even the soft music & motion is too stimulating for him and gets him worked up rather then soothed.  A simple heartbeat generator w/ no motion or light soothes him best, so I would say no matter how great the product is know your child & what works for them. [BTW the 3yr old still loves it & doesn't understand why it upsets her brother!]
Initially, I wasn't sure whether I should buy this towel because the duck's feet looked like they'd stick out over the baby's head but the reviews were so good that I bought it anyway.  The duck's feet do stick out but they don't get in the baby's face at all and they look kind of cute actually.The towels that I owned before buying this were all purchased from Babies R Us and were in the same price range as this towel.  The duck towel, however, is much softer, about a foot longer and about 5 inches wider than those other towels.  It also has a large hood big enough for a toddler. I wasn't expecting this kind of quality at such a low price.  I also purchased a Trend Lab towel that's in the same price range at the same time and the duck towel is slightly bigger, thicker and softer.If you are looking for quality on a budget, this towel will not disappoint.  I love it!
I wish I'd bought an extra set of these when I purchased my pump! They've held up well, lasted me about 3 months, 2 mo. of which is almost exclusive pumping - somewhere along the way one got a tiny tear - I noticed milk collecting on the top of the diaphragm. I should have stopped using immediately - but I didn't see the tear (it was tiny!) and I thought it was just how I had it connected. By the second or third use, I found the tear but it was too late, milk had collected in the hose.  Phillips Avent was great about sending replacement parts quickly at no charge, but it would have been nice to have had backups.
I tried every sleep sack / blanket out there.  Our daughter needed to be swaddled up through 4 months and she quickly outgrew the Miracle Blanket which was our favorite -- she wormed her arms right out of all other swaddles.  These fleece swaddle sacks worked great.  She was cozy and warm, her arms stayed put and we could still use it a bit longer even after we stopped swaddling and she liked having the flaps around her belly.
Bought these for feminine product disposal and am not disappointed. To those who complained of the strong smell, yes the box is pretty strongly scented of baby powder and you likely will be able to smell it in the room but the individual bag is not that strong in the garbage and does a great job of masking other odors.
We practice EC and have used this potty chair and the toilet for pee and poop since our baby was an infant. Most every time the big people in the house  go to the toilet we put baby on her potty. We use cloth diapers and have changed very few diapers with poop.  Our baby has learned to tell us when she needs to go by pointing to her diaper or by removing her diaper.  A great tool for parents and kids!
Yes, these things work. NO baby can get them off.  Thing is, if your outlets aren't 100% sturdy (i.e.. loose sockets), you adults will have a tough time too (because of how tightly they stick).  Your best bet is to alternate: use these in your baby's primary play area and choose a more user-friendly model for the places you plug in most. (The simple ones without the release buttons.)  This works for us.
since my 1st child to my new grandson, I do not remember ever having a bottle be more easy on the stomach and prevent colic.Even my colicky babydid the very best when I used these. Nothing else has ever done better and these are less hassle in the cleaning area and while you have to keep buying the inserts,they are affordable,I bought the others but they are just ideasMD's helped develop, doesn't mean they work as well, 'cuz they don't!!!I'd go with Playtex every time.
We bought this crib to replace our old drop side crib and it is made really well and super sturdy.  I would recommend this to anyone.  My favorite part is that it is low enough to the ground that I can sit on the floor and pat my daughters back with my arm through the slats.  This was an excellent purchase.
How could anyone breastfeed without these?  The non-disposable cotton pads get wet and stay wet... much like I'd imagine a cloth diaper would feel!  Yuck.  These disposable ones are great... they are like a maxipad for your breasts!  I have a plentiful milk supply (to say the least) and I couldn't imagine life without these pads.  Get them BEFORE you have your baby so you have them handy when your milk comes in.  You'll be glad you did!
I would recommend every new mom get this.  It makes tummy time much more interesting for the baby, and I also put him on his back on the water mat, too.  So great to diversify tummy time.
This works well and gets the job done. It is simple to use, it keeps the objects sterile and we have used it for a variety of other baby and non baby products that we need to sterilize. We have cats so cat hair is all over eveerything so having that little extra cleanliness by sterilizing the nipples and bottles and other items really helps. I have not had any problems with the item in the month i have owned it. Make sure to use only distilled water.
I already had a pregnancy pillow for between my knees, but I saw this online and had to get it! It is the most comfortable thing I've ever laid on in my life!! The pillow provides EXCELLENT support for your whole body and even curls around your neck so that you have a head-pillow. It's great! I can tell I'll be using this pillow long after I'm done with my pregnancy. I highly recommend this pillow to all pregnant women....and non-pregnant women, as well! My fiance and daughter even love it!!
I think these are great, but I have since learned it's not appropriate to use items like this in the car seat. They seemed to do the job, but I ended up removing them after learning more about car seat safety. Any products that didn't come with the car seat itself shouldn't be in the seat.
I really like these snack catchers!  A friend of mine had them and suggested that I get them.  I was tentative because I wasn't sure whether I really needed another toddler thing and we had been using normal containers and just having our son come to us when he wanted a few cheerios.  Well, I decided that I would give them a shot and I'm so glad I did!  It took a little while for my son to figure it out but once he did, he loved it and it has made the whole snack thing SO much easier.  I can limit how much I put in there and he knows that he only gets whatever is in the catcher.  No more finding cheerios all over the house because they don't fall out.  I have heard of kids figuring out how to get the cheerios to dump out but I guess my kid cares more about eating them than playing with the container because we haven't had any issues.  I think it would be neat if there was a lid you could put over top of the whole thing so that the snack doesn't go stale but thats just a thought.  Really, these things are perfect for helping your child be independent and limited at the same time =)
I'm an older mom (40+) who did a lot of babysitting as a teen and remembers what big, square playpens used to be like...not the cramped, rectangular things everyone has now. This spacious pack and play is wonderful! Our 10-month-old daughter loves it - we have it in our kitchen so we can set her in it for a few minutes while we use the stove or chop up food (cases where, for obvious reasons, we wouldn't want her underfoot). She can see us, we can talk with her, and she has plenty of room to practice pulling herself up and walking along the edges (and falling on her bum on the padded floor). When she was younger, she loved playing with the attached toys (especially the butterfly with the crinkly wings).It's sturdy, easy to set up and take down, and packs away neatly into its carrying case. An all-around great product!
My Bradley instructor suggested this breastfeeding pillow and I have to say it was perfect for me. It stayed in the correct position throughout the feedings and was easily adjusted to different levels on my body as he grew in size and needed to be positioned differently. Those middle of the night feedings were so much easier because of all the support it provided me while I sat up in bed. I bought an extra cover so when he had big spit ups I could have one in the wash while using the other, that worked out great and the covers, I had the soft ones, handled being washed in the machine just fine. They came out looking new. I also had a Boppy, but only found it useful for tummy time for our son. It was an awful feeding pillow in my opinion.
I originally had a utter cover from this website. [...]I ended up buying this after seeing another mom using it at a parent group. The Bebe version is so much bigger and the material is much thicker. I can actually hide my entire baby under it. With the Udder Cover, I felt that I couldn't hide the baby and wasn't able to maneuver my baby under it. No matter what I felt that anyone around me could see what I was doing. No fun!The Bebe material is so nice and the size of it is large. Completely worth the money.
Super soft sheets, fit great on the crib mattress. I've had them almost a year now and they've held up great, with virtually no signs of wear. Beautiful colors!
After making the purchase, I read bad reviews about the product, try to cancel the order but it was impossible. When the mattress arrived breathe relieved that my baby would not sink in it. I thinkit will serve for one year.
Easy to install, user friedly, props open while they're asleep, truly hands free. We bought 2!
My son absolutely loves this mobile.  He'll stare up at the faces of the little creatures (a lizard, parrot, monkey, and bug) and giggle like crazy, it's hilarious to watch.What I really love about it is that it's super bright and colorful; my son has no trouble focusing on it at 4 months old.  It was also easy to put together and simple to attach to the crib.  The music box part plays 18 minutes of classical tunes and its volume settings seem adequate to me.The mobile portion is detachable for when baby doesn't need that bit anymore, and the music box has a nightlight (not too bright) which has proven useful.All in all I love this product and definitely recommend it.
No where in my research for soothing cracked nipples where these things mentioned.  I heard it from my sister-in-law.  It seems after your 1st kid, your nipples are more sensitive then the first time around.  This helped protect the crack from the baby sucking each time.  You could pump to help solve the problem, but I did not want to do that in the middle of the night when I as already tired.  This made it much easier to deal with at night, and in the day if I was limited on time.  In lieu of the nipple shield, I also recommend the hydrogel pads for a little cooling, soothing protection.  I went 2 months with the cracked nipple, trying other methods I found online, until I was told about this product.  It helped speed up the recovery time!
A very sweet adjunct to the wealth of baby items.  Would think this a pleasant addition to grandparents' homes in particular.Our baby loved it from an early age.  Learning that you can remove the activity bar gently so as not to disrupt baby is a plus.The activity jar captivates and the angle positioning is good.  Nice rocker mechanism as well as the gently vibrating feature.  Been using for a while now and very happy with it!
Not as easy to put on as the harness that slips over the arms, but workable. The velcro is wide and thick and unable to be easily removed by a toddler who views "No" as a challenge to do just that very thing. I'd still opt for the harness that goes through the arms, rather than over the head.
This was the second infant tub I tried and it's a winner!  The sling is excellent for newborns, no worries about having to hold the baby up while washing.  I put my daughter in the sling at 1 month (as soon as her umbillical cord fell off) and transitioned her into the tub at around 3 months once she had some better neck and head control.  Now she's 5 months and is still using the slanted back 'newborn' side, but it works for her.  There is plenty of support near her bottom to hold her up and keep her from sliding into the tub, but there is still plenty of legroom for her to kick and play.  Thanks to this tub she loves bathtime and it's a wonderful part of our evening 'going to bed' process!
We had the Summer Infant clippers first.  They came in a two-pack, with a smaller clipper and a larger clipper.  Neither one worked well.  The larger of the two didn't work at all.  These Safety First clippers cut every time.  For those of you who know how difficult it can be to clip a baby's nails, you also know how frustrating it can be to finally get the clipper positioned right and then have it not cut.  AAAAARRRRGGGHHHH!These work every time.
This toy was a great favorite of my eldest son, and a year later it is now a favorite of his younger brothers.  My older son loved the eyes and crinkly wings; the younger two enjoy playing the teether and the wings.  The link makes it easy to take this toy with you either attached to a stroller or a car seat.  A great buy.
It's not the fault of the product really - I'm sure it's meant for wooden chairs, but all the reviews said it was so incredibly stable I thought I'd give it a try.  Alas we cannot use it for our leather padded dining chairs, but we use it outside on wooden patio chairs and it works.  Wish it were a little thicker to give it more height, but it gets a 4 star rating because the 2 year old boy loves it, it feels comfy and is a great orange color.
It mostly does its job to prevent accidental snack spillage, but my son pretty quickly (~15mo?) figured out that he can push the teeth in and flip upside down to spill snacks all over his lap.  At 20mo he figured out how to remove the lid entirely.  But I still think it's a pretty nifty product and it is a part of our daily life for sure!
Bought it for my 9 month old baby girl, she can sit resting her feet on the ground and her back and arms are well comfortable too. This potty will grow with her.
This a great product. Also it would be good if you could buy plastic cover for the top of the crib railling.
I absolutely love this mobile!! I just received it in the mail today and my 2-month-old son was fussing up a storm.  As soon as I got the mobile put together (which was easy) and I laid him underneath it, he stopped crying and started smiling and cooing at it!  I actually couldn't believe it!  He doesn't even smile at his dad or me yet!  I love the music options and the softness of the spin and of course the peek-a-boo leaves.  The dangling toys are adorable and seem to be smiling down!  I would highly recommend this product to anybody!
My toddler loves the Nuk toothpaste for babies as well as this one. I give it 4 stars coz the brush is a little hard, I wish Nuk had a product suited for toddlers who were around 24 months. The choice is a toss between a tooth and gum cleaner for 3 months n over or this product for 36 months and over.
This is fantastic!  I prefer to mix formula one bottle at a time and this was the only thing that I could use to do that short of shaking the bottle (and thus adding bubbles that upset my baby's tummy).  It's inexpensive but it lasted the entire time I was making bottles of formula - for about a year.  I really wish I had had one of these with my first baby.  Worth more to me than what I paid, for sure!
This little step stool is perfect for my two year old, who uses it to get into his race car bed.  I like how the stool is curved and has no sharp corners.  It has a wonderful slip-proof top too, that is slip-proof even with socks on!  My son is little and with this stool, he can easily get into his bed.  I also like the little elmo designs on the front.  I am trying to get him into Sesame Street and what better thing to get him used to the characters!  Later this little stool will be great for the bathroom when he learns to use the potty.  It holds 200lbs of weight too, so it is perfect for my husband and I to use around the house.  Highly recommend this!
I love this hamper.  It looks nice in my daughters room and it is very versatile as well.  Inner bag lifts out easily for carrying to the washer/dryer.  Very durable and attractive.
My son has been wearing SleepSacks since he was about 4mths and they are a great way to keep your child sleeping safely in their own room without having to worry if they are too cold.
Our son refuses to take a paci, but loves to chew on things. We have had a hard time finding anything that keeps him interested for more than a few minutes (that isn't paper) but this Sophie has worked wonders! We first saw this at a friend's baby shower and I originally thought it was a dog's chew toy, but our son loved it so much I had to track one down. As expensive as it is compared to other teethers, for us it was well worth the purchase! The squeaker in side keeps him happy for longer periods of time than other teethers and the long legs and neck give him something to easily grip or chew on. Perfect!
Great item, price, etc
My husband and I bought this for our little girl's nursery. It's perfect; however, the amber lights are barely visible - even when the room is completely dark. Furthermore, the blue lights are not that great (although better than the amber ones). The best are the green stars. They are the most clear and most visible. Overall, we are very pleased with this product and would recommend it to others. Enjoy!
So there are a lot of reviewers unsatisfied with the price. I agree that it is expensive, and it's sadly a common practice among manufacturers to make accessories that appear exhorbitantly priced. However, we used them like many others to bring the co-sleeper level to our bed to help facilitate night-time feedings. And honestly, it works. Ours is a little wobbly, but I've tried to make it fall (of course without the child in it) and really couldn't do it. Even so, we keep it strapped to the bed and it's as stable as without the extensions.The fit, color and function were all adequate. It was a little costly, but then again, what is a better night's sleep and routine worth? As with most things, it's just a compromise. Also, I think perhaps there are other things more worthy of our scrutiny and criticism.Mom is happy + kid is happy = dad is happy. All for about $20.
Using this product has made day trips and night feeding so much smoother. I fill each compartment with the desired amount, fill a few bottles with water then go. No need to hassle with pouring formula from sandwich bags or carrying around a tub of formula. I can get the convenience of on-the-go without the cost of individual packets!
I bought the turquoise color and it is vibrant, doesn't fade in the wash and is thick and soft. It perfectly complements the bedding set I ordered and I highly recommend it.
This is an awesome blanket. It's actually much more like an all purpose mat. It is padded, very durable and super easy to wipe clean- as a bonus it looks great too. It's the perfect size for a picnic. My 9 month old crawls around on it daily at the park and it has held up beautifully. The best part is it folds up SO easy and once it's folded up its nice and compact and fits great in stroller or it also has a strap so you can just throw it over your shoulder. No complaints- very well made product.
I was hesitant to purchase this, because the first formula dispenser I purchased from the same brand was so terrible. But after reading these reviews I decided to give it a try. It works great! Love it!!!! Total opposite from the first dispenser which wouldn't release the formula well at all. With this one the formula falls right into the bottle with no mess and little effort. So glad we bought this and the price was great! I have yet to experience issues with the lid falling off in the diaper bag as some of the other reviews indicate.
I must have a MILLION outlets in my new house.  I keep buying more and more of these outlet covers.  They go in easy to modern American outlets.  They do not come out easily!  This is great for keeping my baby and toddler safe.  However, it can be challenging trying to pull one out to plug something in, but it's do-able with patience.  These are wonderful, and I'd recommend them to any parent who needs to babyproof their home.
We were very surprised by this product- we first received the bottles and looked through them, we did not think we would use them as the seemed too big for our newborn- the small bottles hold 200ml (over 6 oz) which are not exactly small and since we are breastfeeding exclusively at the moment, did not see the need for such large bottles for the portions he was eating. Even the lactation consultant seemed to dismiss the bottles when looking through our supplies. We used the smaller bottles we received from the hospital for the first few weeks but since they did not have slow flow nipples, it was a challenge to slow his intake. After about three weeks we tried the Playtex bottles with the slow-flow nipples and were very surprised! They worked great! The nipples are sufficiently difficult that he has to work at getting milk out but not so hard he gets frustrated and the canted bottle makes it easy to hold. The vent-air system allows him to get all the milk out without too much air- we have definitely noticed a decrease in the need to burp with these bottles. It also makes filling the bottles easy- plus as he starts eating more, the bigger sizes should come in handy. Of course, all babies are different but these bottles are working very well for us. We probably would not recommend them immediately after birth but after a few weeks once the baby is used to nursing and sucking, they offer a good combination of size, effort for the baby, and convenience for the parents. Not bad for a product we originally did not think we would use!
I bought this to go on my Chicco Cortina stroller, and I'm happy to say it fits on nice and securely.  I live in a pretty windy area, and it hasn't budged yet.  It is definitely made to go over an existing sunshade, so don't try to use this on a shadeless stroller.  The only negative, which really isn't a big deal to me, is that it (obviously) blocks the little window to view baby that's there in the original shade.Living in the Pacific NW in the winter, I haven't used it in the sun yet...however, it's been excellent for keeping the wind/sprinkles of rain from disturbing my baby (anything more than random sprinkles, I use the raincover)..  On my particular stroller, you can adjust the shade to go in front of the baby to keep the sun out if needed.  This shade still allows for that to happen, and very nicely blocks everything but a small gap, which is perfect when there's a steady wind blowing directly into your baby's face.With the infant seat snapped in, it covers the whole thing making it nice and dark in there for sleeping.  For the winter, that's fine, but might get too hot in the summer depending on where you live.
A little expensive? Maybe, but completely worth it! Sophie is adorable and my 4 month old daughter absolutely loves her. My daughter is teething and has been so fussy but as soon as I gave her Sophie she started chewing on her and calmed right down. Also, I am very happy that Sophie is BPA & toxin free. She is made naturally from the sap of Havea rubber trees. A big selling point for me!
We have a small house and a small dining area. I didn't want a huge chair taking up so much space. This straps on perfectly and can tuck in right under the table. The price is also a huge plus! We actually got another that we keep in the car to use at friends and family's houses and restaurants.  Love it.
I received this as a gift for my second child. It is the best teether toy. She would suck and teeth on it for hours. I was so impressed with the product that I purchased a couple of other Vulli teethers in other styles. Those however, did not have the same impact as Sophie the giraffe and were ignored. Hands down, Sophie is it.
I love these bottles and liners! They get rid of half my washing since I don't have to wash bottles. They're a lifesaver
This is the best car seat out there in my opinion.  It is super easy to install with either latch or seatbelt.  It is the easiest car seat I've installed. I like the side impact protection.  I feel that my daughter is very safe in this seat.  It is a bit tall, so if you are using it rear facing it does take up a lot of space.  My daughter loves this car seat compared to a cheap seat that was our extra for the grandparents car until recently.  This seat's seated shoulder height is higher than our cheap seat.  That is why we had to replace the grandparents car seat.  She is still in her Boulevard, but she is too tall for the cheap seat now.
This swing is awesome! I have not yet used it for baby, but have tested it and I really like it. The only reason I didn't give it 5 stars is because it is a little bit of a pain to put together. Aside from that I think it will work great for our baby boy. I will update once we have used it for a while.
I just got this bed, put it together.  It's real easy to put together, took me about 40min.  It's rock solid.  The metal frame was a bit confusing, the metal hinges are not to be extended parallel to the frame but are angled upwards, then it all makes sense.  I used a lever to make it all level.  Espresso is a good color also.
I bought this thermometer because I needed something reliable and quick.  So far, this has been both.  This reads ear and forehead temps.  I have tested this on myself and my son.  Over multiple readings, I have seen little variability in temps.  It has been consistent for both forehead and ear readings.  This was pretty simple to figure out and instructions were reasonably clear. So far, I am happy with this purchase.
The lanolin really does come off onto your nips and helps with soreness. They are worth more $$ than the regular ones.
This size small fit my son up to 14 months.  He was 31 inches and 24 lbs. One recommendation. ... don't get this cream color if you have a shedding dog w dark fur, don't get this one!
These spoons and forks are the perfect size for small hands.  The shaped handle helps toddlers learn how to grip the spoon/fork and the bowl is big enough to hold food without being to big for small mouths.
This changing pad station is perfect for on the go and has everything that you would need, it could be carried on its own and even has a velcro strap to attach to a stoller. I LOVE THIS can't live without it.
good thing i only bought one package because one pack had enough to cover all the outlets in my house.
We owned our last blue babybjorn potty for over 10 years. It survived 4 children.  Unfortunately, it was accidentally cleaned with a substance that ruined the coating.We decided to go with a bjorn again and we are please with this one.  It is a large potty seat so this will fit a large child.  The white part removes easily so that it can be given a quick rinse.A child can lean back and not fall off the potty. The seat is big enough so a child can sit easily without hurting themselves.Overall, I am please with the purchase.
The Baby Tracker brand books are the absolute best of the trackers that are available. You can track naps, feedings, diaper changes, activities, and notes. They're easy to use and have a nice clean layout.I started using the Newborn Baby Tracker, which tracks nights and days. It gave me a nice way to track feedings and note important milestones. Once I used up the entire book, I bought this Baby Tracker, which tracks only days since my daughter is sleeping during the night now. Her caregiver notes her activities and sleeping times during the day. It's a great way for me to know what happened. Plus, it's nice to be able to look back and see patterns or trends.
My baby was in NICU for a week & was fed through a bottle so it was very hard to establish breastfeeding. my lactation nurse gave me the full coverage version of these to try and even though it worked it always seemed to flip and almost cover the baby's nose so I was concerned about her breathing. I got these and right away I noticed a difference and within a week I was able to "trick" her into feeding without the shields, YAY!
We used the Cleanwater Infant Tub until Leighton was over five months old and I think it's quite lovely. For $39.95, it's a bargain compared to a few pricier tubs we tried. It reads the water temp and allows a constant stream of clean water. Leighton looks comfy and gets clean - easy peasy. I registered for it and received it as a shower gift.I'm giving it 4 stars instead of 5 because the construction is rather crude. Still, the tub did what it was supposed to do in our standard-sized/shaped kitchen sink and accomodated Leighton until she could sit up in a regular tub.
What I liked:Firm and has kept it's shape. Provides support for the back. Like the pocket. Great for just having baby sleep in one's lap while reading a book. Simple to adjust the straps.What I didn't like:Could only use it in the cradle-hold position. Had to use pillows for all other positions. Depending on your body's proportions, you still might need a pillow placed under My Breast Friend to bring the baby high enough to the level of your breasts - I did.Great for use while sitting in the bed, on the floor or in a nursing chair but not in a regular recliner/lazyboy - the front slopes up because of the chair's incline.Why the four stars: Overall, would buy it again even though a bit pricey. I had the navy-blue fabric with white flowers - the color bleeds a fair amount initially, beware!Take it to the hospital with you. And if this is your first time, please see a Lactation Consultant/attend a local La Leche League meeting.
My only big gripe is that they are stingy on the adhesive you can just get all your edge guard on with the adhesive. Just dont waste any part of the adhesive it is precious. But once on it wont come off easily even by a prying little hand it take quite a effort.If you use the adhesive on the edge of the guard that makes sure kids cant take of easily. It become furniture. I bought two of this in light and dark for different furniture when my kid was 7-8 months old.And i can vouch that this tape has avoided a handfull of accidents.CautionThe paint(especially wall paint) can come off when removing it.Once off any surface it doest stick again.Apply after you kids go to sleep needs some time to have a firm fix and so that they dont know it can be taken off.Also would add taht applying this when the child is young gives better chances that they stay on.Also Matching color should help being noted by children But you know all kids are different ;)
After recently having a baby after waiting 13 years between this one and my next youngest child I was just like a brand new parent all over again. These bottles were great to have. The cap fits snuggly on the bottle so there is not spillage in the diaper bag and the design is great for both baby and the person feeding.
This is the perfect crib for families without a lot of space! We have a 3 bedroom home and are expecting our 4th child, our older kids share and the younger ones will as well but the 3rd bedroom is small and our 3rd child is still only 18 months himself so baby will be in our room for a while. The solution that came to mind right away was a pack and play but considering this will be baby's bed for at least a year I decided to go with something more substantial. Seems quite uncomfortable to sleep on a pack and play 'board' (cause it's not a mattress!) for long periods of time. I'm so glad we did.This crib (honey oak) matches perfectly with our bedroom furniture, fits well in our room and looks nice! A few common complaints*Yes, the wood does scratch easily! I'm okay with that, even the parts that got scratched by accident don't show well with the color we picked.*Directions are definitely lacking BUT, I put it together, by myself at 7 months pregnant in less than an hour. I made sure to take my time because I had read reviews of the wood scratching easily and I wanted to make sure things were being put together as they should. It is pretty self-explanitory after looking at the directions but they definitely don't adequately say which part goes where in my opinion.*Bedding- if you have even basic sewing skills it's so easy to sew a crib skirt and crib sheet. Bumpers are unsafe (though amazon does sell the breathable ones for mini cribs) as are the traditional quilts in bedding sets.*Mattress pad, the one that comes with is thin. It actually isn't as thin as I thought it would be based on other reviews as it is thicker than the pad that comes with the bassinet I used for our second child. I went ahead and ordered the Dream On Me 3" mattress when I ordered the crib (when I went to order the crib on amazon it had went way up in price so I ordered it somewhere else). I stacked the two 'mattresses' and will probably use it like that.As far as how long it will last, my 18 month old son fits in the crib so it will last me as long as I'll need it toAll in all, I'm definitely happy with our purchase and would (and do) reccomend it to anyone in a similar situation.
My son was nursed until 12 months. He didn't really take a bottle well until he was weaned. Now this is the only nipple he willingly uses.
Easy to install, easy to hose down, easy to port around. VERY glad we bought this instead of a whole separate fancy chair. Only minor issue is that my baby has been able to pull off the food tray since he was 6 months old and so we tend not to use it and just use the basic brown tray.
So soft and my baby loves being on. I haven't found she sleeps any longer on it but its a great play time mat for tummy time etc...
This is the second diaper dude bag I have purchased. The first bag, in red, I bought for my husband a couple of years ago when we had our first child. Unfortunately for him, I liked it so much that I have appropriated it, necessitating in the purchase of a second bag for his use. I prefer to use this bag over my Kate Spade Stevie bag, which although stylish is not as efficient. This bag is hard wearing, has excellent use of space and you can get things out of it while wearing it. I even use it as my go to flight bag. And my husband is extremely happy to have his own bag again.
I have never used or cared about the temperature feature, since i just test the water myself, but do use these as my daughter's bath duckies (we have 2). She was given other bath duckies as a gift, but they had holes for squeezing and squeaking and eventually all got very moldy with black mold inside. Gross. This one does not squeak or squeeze, but floats nicely and does not have a hole and will not get moldy. Highly recommend!
My 3 year old son loves it!  He even says he needs to use the potty when he doesn't because he wants to sit on his folding potty at public restrooms.  Before we used it, my sons bum always touched the water in the toilet when he sat on public toilets.  We used it several months now & it serves us well.  Perfect size for my diaper bag.Update:  It's been a several years since we purchased this & our 1.5 year old daughter is potty trained but has no problem using public restroom as is, so we never used it with her.  I guess we're not as germ-phobic as we were with our firstborn too.  Plus I no longer carry a diaper bag & it does not fit in my small purse, so I limit the items I carry with me.  I guess that's probably the main reason why we no longer use it.
When I first had this product, I used it on my daughter's crib like it is intended.  Then I realized it could also be placed on the side of the carrying handle on most infant car seats.  I found it worked great if my daughter was fussy in the car.  She loved the soft sounds and musical melodies.  It helped lull her to sleep.  The added light is also a great feature to peak on her rather than turning on the bright overhead light in my car.  Just make sure it is placed securely on the side of the handle to prevent it from falling.
I am thrilled with this purchase.  It seems like a very high quality item and has very soft pile, about 1.25" thick.  Baby loves it and just seems so comfortable on it.  I primarily use it during playtime, when he's awake.  Before he could roll over I also used it for naptime as well, but now that he's older I'm just using it when he's awake (since research/recommendations are mixed, due to potential risk of baby rolling over and rebreathing air in the sheepskin .. and I just didn't feel comfortable taking the risk).  Still very worthwhile - provides a great surface for play, and also for changing clothing, etc.  Baby can definitely go longer periods of time playing on his own without fussing when lying on this sheepskin.Note that because these items are one-of-a-kind (actual animal skins), the shape, color, density, and quality can vary quite a lot from skin to skin.  Due to price drops, I ended up buying this item three different times, and some of the skins were a lot thicker/plusher than others.  I was really glad in the end that I ordered multiple items because I was able to keep the best one and return the others.  I'm sure the seller will hate me for recommending that, but if the item your receive does not live up to your expectations based on the other reviews, you might be happy if you were to reorder.PS: I mentioned that I reordered due to price drops.  The price fluctuates on this item quite a lot, typically between $55 and $90, see below link for price history on camelcamelcamel dot com.  If your need is not urgent, you can put a price watch on it, and pull the trigger when the price is at the lower end.  That'll save you the pain I had of seeing it available later for a lower price![...]PPS: I was so pleased with this item that I actually bought the Bowron Lambskin Strollerfleece Cover as well.  (Some people indicated in their reviews that they used this same item being reviewed here in the carseat/stroller as well, but in my opinion it's too large/heavy, and I wanted something that was specifically designed to accommodate the straps.)  I don't use it in the carseat (since it's not supposed to be safe to put anything between baby and carseat that could compress in a crash), but I absolutely LOVE it for the stroller - keeps baby's back from getting sweaty like it used to, and I'm sure it's a lot more comfy to boot.  I'm surprised that more people who buy this item don't buy the companion Strollerfleece as well.
I got this gate to keep the dogs in one section of the apartment. I picked it because it was tall & you don't have to screw anything into the wall. Another reason I picked it was because it had the auto-lock but that only worked the 1st day. It locks & is very easy to open with 1 hand which I need because I have a newborn but I need to lock it myself, it doesn't lock on it's own as described.****I'm happy with this gate but if you're buying it mainly because of the auto lock feature, don't! That doesn't work.****
I originally purchased this for my dauighter but decided to give it to my 10 mth old niece instead.  Very cute!
We bought this chair right before our first son was born.  I don't know what I'd do without it!  Early on (say the first 3 months of his life) I spent nearly 7 to 8 hours a day in this chair because my son loved to be rocked and it was the perfect chair to nurse him in.  The arms are a perfect height to rest the Boppy on and feed him comfortably.  We've had problems with the locking mechanism on the chair, but the company got us replacement parts pretty easily, so I definitely would recommend it.
Love this toy and so does our baby.  There is so much to look at, it still keeps him fascinated for long periods (20 minutes or so).  I really like that one side is all black and white for the earliest stages of visual development and the front is so incredibly colorful, with many different textures and even a mirror.  Best of all, it seems like a very safe product - doesn't seem to have any parts that could easily come off and create a choking hazard.
I have no idea how people survived without the Skip Hop diaper changing bag!  Large enough to accommodate various surfaces (and babies) yet compact enough to fit in many purses.  Perfect when we're out - I often grab it out of the diaper bag and hand off to by husband to do a change!  Fits a generous amount of wipes and diapers and is quite durable.  I've been using mine on a daily basis for 10 months and it doesn't look any different from the day I opened it.  Great value for how often you will use this product!
These are identical to the Kidco Universal Outlet Cover and work just as well and look just as nice. they are pretty easy to install.
I registered for the barnyard items because they are cute, whimsical, and neutral, suitable for a boy or girl.I have received the crib set and it is wonderful.  Additionally, I have received the pillows, the mobile, and the fleece blanket.  All products are well-made, withstood washing, and are made of quality fabrics.  I also like the variety of colors which make it match almost any carpet/paint color one might have going on in their home.  The animals are cute and fun, and there is a variety of textures on the fabric such as quilting, waffle-weave, and fleece.  Feels nice to the touch.If you like the looks of this, I would highly recommend it-this set is serving us well with our daughter and if our next baby is a boy, then our nursery is all decorated already.
This bouncy seat is great.  It was so simple to assmeble and the parts are very well made.  My daughter is almost 2 months now and she really loves this seat.  She is comfortable and loves the vibration.  It usually puts her to sleep rather quickly.  I love how the toy arch is so easily removable.  While she sleeps I take the toy arch away and put it back on for her to "play" with when she awakens.  I look forward to many months of enjoyment from this seat.  I do hope it will become a reading chair when she is older, as the boy on the box shows.
The item can protect the car seat is right. Meanwhile, it did not use my own regret. Good item. I have a child to protect it, and also protects the vehicle seat.
this item was perfect for my baby in the winter.  she had a hard time sleeping without being swaddled because her arms flailed, she scratched her face and head, and ended up getting really frustrated and unable to fall asleep.  but she sleeps well swaddled in this sleep sack.  this sack is a soft, warm fleece.  the zipper works well and the bottom up design is great for diaper changes without having to take baby out of the sleep sack.  my baby still uses this every night to sleep and the animal designs are cute.
We use it to pen around the sofa so it's used as a three sided square.  Even though it's not anchored into the wall, still super sturdy and stands up to my 13 month old trying to climb out of it.
so easy and comfortable to use, can be used with one hand can & can pump with either end of handle. i have this one and the lansinoh and the medela is way better
So cute & colorful. I like it! Hopefully my daughter will play it soon. I can't wait to see it. Funny they are same lenght!!!
I was worried about this purchase reading all the reviews.  So far so good.  My 9 month old son loves the water we use this in the tub for bath time where he splashes and has fun. I bought the Safety 1st Splash Infant Bath Cushion, Blue to go in it.  I use that sometimes as I don't find the bottom of the tub that slippery, my son stands up in it and doesn't slip.But I was worried about safety so I purchased the cushion.We also use it for a swimming pool, sort of.  We have had some very hot days so I take it out side on my deck putting a old blanket underneath & he just sits in it and plays.I like it also when he has diaper rash as I can put the baking soda in the water to help dry it up and the height of the tub allows me to get it high enough over his butt.
The picture clarity on this monitor is superb! And as a first time parent, I have to say I was skeptical that we needed such an expensive monitor. My husband talked me into it (as he has all of our more lavish baby items), and I am SO glad that he did. We own a two-story house, so it helps to peek at my daughter via the monitor before seeing if I really need to run upstairs to get her. It is also nice to just take a look at her when she's sleeping -- she's so precious, and I'm sure all parents would love it for that feature alone.I love that the video feature automatically shuts off when you are not plugged in -- this preserves the battery. All you need to do to start it again is push a button. That way you can still hear the baby and use the video feature at your whim.The night vision is the best. We can clearly see every feature on our baby at night. There is a contrast control on the side of the handheld monitor to help with light distribution -- that way, if you put the baby to bed when it is still light outside, you can adjust as the sun goes down if you need to.The only reason this product gets 4 stars is because we do get quite a bit of static. We've tried disabling our wireless internet, but that does't always help. But it's not enough of a bother to make us dislike the product. The pros outweigh the cons. Good product!
I buy these bibs for every pregnant friend. They are the best bibs on the market. I also used them as a portable trough for snacking in the car. I would just put it on my daughter, put the food in the bottom, and she could snack on it easily without having to hold a bag or a container of something.
As always, I read the reviews of others before posting my own, so I will comment based on that.First of all, as long as we're at home, I always change my baby's diaper in his bedroom on his changing table. Therefore, my Wipes Warmer is always where I need it. But I must say that even if I did change his diaper in every room of the house during the day, this is something I'd consider buying anyway. It is so nice to have it for middle-of-the-night or first-thing-in-the-morning diaper changes, when my son may not be in the mood to be shocked with a cold wipe. When I change him when we're out and about, he always has a look of shock when I use a cold wipe.A couple people complained about the temperature of the wipes and/or dryness. The directions state to moisten the pad with water and place it in the bottom of the warmer. Then you put the wipes on top and plug in the warmer. One thing I have found is that you can put the pad in the bottom of the warmer and actually pour water right into the warmer, rather than just wetting the pad. I add enough water to saturate the pad and fill the warmer probably 1/4". Then I put in the wipes. Having the excess water keeps the pad moist longer. I do not need to add water until it's time to refill the wipes supply. This keeps the wipes REALLY moist, which makes wiping up baby even easier, and which I think helps the wipes warm up even better.It does take a little while for the wipes to warm up after refilling, but this is to be expected since the warmer can only get so hot or you'd burn your baby's bottom with the wipes! I would say the wipes are pretty warm by the time you get to your next diaper change. And within a few hours, they are definitely all warm. I have not had any problems with the wipes getting cold faster than I can use them. I even place one wipe on my son (in case he decides to squirt!) while I use another to wipe his bottom, and I can go back to the first one to do a final wipe and it still isn't cold.Regarding reviews stating that the inside lid doesn't stay shut...the only time the lid didn't stay shut on mine is when I overfilled it and the lid couldn't shut properly. As long as I don't overfill it, the lid NEVER pops open when I pull out a wipe.Basically, if you use the product the way it was was intended to be used (change diapers in the room where the warmer is, keep the pad very moist, and don't overfill it!), there is absolutely nothing wrong with this product and it's a great thing to have for baby's comfort.
I ordered this white crib a couple of months before my baby due date, so I could have it set up. My husband took just under 2 hours to put this together on his own, without any problems. He didn't have any issues with the wood scratching and the pieces were in perfect condition when it was delivered.It seems very sturdy and looks good in the nursery. The wood is painted with a nice white fresh finish.There are very noticeable holes where the screws go in, but I just bought some 1/2 inch round white stickers from Walmart and stuck 2 over each hole and it covers them perfectly - I did not use screw cap covers, as they could be a choking hazard.I ordered the Sealy Baby Posturepedic Crown Jewel Mattress, which fits perfectly, without gaps round the edges. I also bought a breathable crib bumper, which with a little adjustment, fits the crib and will stop little arms and legs being stuck in the slats and also is a safer option to reduce the risk of suffocation/SIDS.Standard crib sheets from Pottery Barn (bought on sale!) fit perfectly too.The crib has potential to last a while, as it has four different height options for the mattress and also came with a toddler rail, so it can be converted into a toddler bed, without having to purchase a separate rail. I doubt we will be converting this into a full sized bed, so did not buy the additional rails.To protect the top rails of the crib from a teething baby, I bought the Leachco teething crib rail covers (2 side covers and one front cover), which come in white and can be velcroed onto the rail to protect the wood.
They are as shown, and work great so that kids can't pull out the many cords that we all use easily!  I would recommend it to anyone with young tots!
The vent in the bottom of the bottle makes it very easy for baby to extract milk. The flow is fast and furious which is good if your baby has trouble feeding from non-vented bottles. However, the high flow can overflow the capacity of my baby's mouth (&lt; 2mo old) which leads to messiness.Other drawbacks are that occasionally the vent holes leak. There are also many different parts that need to be disassembled for cleaning.I have both the "wide" and "standard" versions and there isn't any difference when it comes to feeding. The nipples are basically the same and my baby has no preference. I prefer the wide version because it is shorter (&lt;7") which makes it easier to fit into wall cabinets.As far as reducing gas, I haven't noticed any difference between these bottles andThe First Years Breastflow Bottlewhich I also use. I typically prefer The First Years bottle because of the slower flow. However, this may not be a problem once my baby gets bigger.Overall, this is a fine baby bottle despite the minor drawbacks.
My little girl who is 4 months now has been fascinated with this mobile from day one. I hung it above her changing table when she was younger but now its over her crib. She loves it and stares at it for minutes (thats a long time--ha ha) in awe.
this little guy isn't so little he's actually rather large... but he is cute and the lights are just bright enough so you can see but not interrupt your sleep. my daughter likes it but shes really interested in touching it and throwing it, i guess I'll find out how durable it is. It's mostly a good product for the money I just didn't realize how large this thing really is.
My 8 month old likes it alright.  It is very cute and colorful. I wish it has more different textures.
It's been awhile since the last review so I thought I'd share my opinion. While some hospitals may (did) give you some of the items in the kit, it's not a guarantee that they will and there's nothing wrong with  having a backup. I actually have 2 of these kits, one for the house and one for the diaper bag.
These are a great, inexpensive solution to oven knob safety proofing.Pros:-Takes seconds to install-Easy to use-  pinch to open, use knob, and easy shut-Nice  looking- clear plastic allows you to see the actual knobs and isn't a huge eyesoreCons:-The  knobs on our oven are pretty close together so the covers are hard to control
This is great as I don't have to clean 2 parts. Shipping was slow, but thats what I expected.Target has them for the same price, but never had my size. Also, make sure to note there is only one in the box.
I bought this for my daughter when she was three months old.  She is now four months old and we don't go anywhere without Sophie.  For the first month I had to hold Sophie so she could chew on her, but now she can hold Sophie herself.  Her favorite part to chew on is Sophie's face although her front leg and tail are are very close seconds.  We haven't had problems with the rubber cracking or paint rubbing off. Since it's all natural rubber and paint (with no clear-coat), it does have a tendency to hang on to dirt but I just wash it every day with her bottles.  (Some water will get into the squeeker, but it's usually fine after a couple of squeezes.)I'm getting ready to buy a second Sophie so that we can keep one in the diaper bag and one at home.  I reluctantly bought the first one after hearing lots of fuss over it -- I mean.... who needs a $20 dog chew toy?  But Sophie was worth every penny.
My daughter received this as a gift when she was 6 months old and loves it.  Even when she is not in it she will roll over or creep to it and hit the big keys on the base and gets really upset if it is off and not making music.  I especially like that there are different configurations so that she will be able to enjoy this toy for a long time.  Once again Fisher Price has another wonderful product!
While watching my friend lug her whole travel system out of her trunk, I can pop this baby open with one hand.  It's a great product, very maneuverable and light with an excellent basket underneath for all that baby stuff.  One drawback: the cup holder is small and shallow - won't hold a thermal mug, but holds a standard styrofoam coffee cup.
love it.....i just take it out of the car with the car seat and 1..2...3 off i go with my little baby....his brother always want to push him whenever we r on the road...easy to use
This was a Christmas gift for my 13 month old niece. She immediately took to it and loves taking the pieces out of the barn. She is still working on getting them back in. It definitely holds her attention.
Easy to install and use throughout the day when plugging in stuff. I liked it so much, I purchased this one for another outlet.
We have been using this mirror for about a year. It has been great. I could not find many types of mirrors that swiveled to adjust. Many were just flat which doesn't work if your baby isn't right in front of a headrest. We had our infant in the middle rear seat and could put the mirror on the headrest on the side next to him. Both the driver and the front passenger (with the mirror in the viser) have a great view of the little one. The mirror stays in place pretty well. Just have to adjust it when we bump it occasionally.Pros: adjusts so doesn't have to be right in front of baby. stays in position well.Cons: would not work on some kinds of headrests. In my husband's car, the headrests are kind of molded to the back seat and there's nothing to put the strap around securely. so make sure you have "regular" headrests. this has rarely been a concern for us as we usually all travel in our other car.
The hospital where I had my son gives you one of these halo sleepsacks to take home with you.i loved it so much I had to purchase another one. I wish I would have had these when my daughter was born.
I don't know what we would do with all of my daughter's stuffed animals without this product.  Before we bought this I had them in bins and containers and they just took up so much space.  This hammock gets everything up off of the ground and it holds a ton of stuffed animals.  I am always impressed when I keep adding more animals and it keeps being able to hold them all.  I think we will eventually need another one for the other side of the room.  The price is great and this really is the only way to store stuffed animals.
I loved having this easy-swaddleme wrap!  It was so much easier than getting a blanket and swaddling where it might come apart.  The velcro worked really well as it gave "room to grow."  Swaddling our daughter only lasted for about a month or two, she just totally outgrew this.  It was great while it lasted and it's a fantastic shower gift!
I will say what everyone else has said - yes, it is basically a $20 dog toy... BUT my 6 month old really loves this thing.  Will I ever understand why Sophie is so popular? No... but it keeps her entertained and is a go-to toy us. Another Sophie fan!
I LOVE these things! They work great and I love that you can't see them or my child can not get his fingers stuck in anything! They took about 30 minutes to install and they are amazing!
I bought this after I saw my friend's and was amazed at what a practical item it was. I ordered it and now I always have people asking me where I got it. I keep it in the car and so we use it all the time because we live in the Northwest and the grass is often damp, even if it's not raining. It's gotten pretty dirty and I haven't attempted to wash it yet so I'm not sure how it will hold up through a wash. I'm not too worried about the dirt though because it is an item we only use outside, so it's just gonna get dirty again right after I wash it since there's always kids tromping all over it. Folds up super easy and has an adjustable strap to carry or hook over stroller handles. Love this thing.
This Kneeler & Step Stool thing looks great.  We gave it as a gift but I totally wanted one for myself after seeing it.  I think it would really help your knees & elbows during bath time.
This product is very very cute for give to your baby girl room a different style. when is combined with another decoration stuff.fits perfectly to standard switches. very recommended.!
I love the Playtex brand, and the VentAire bottles are really very good.  I like that the bottles is angled and that helps with gas.  The only thing is sometimes they do leak, but I make sure that the bottle parts are completely dry before I assemble and mix formula.  These save you so much money compared to the drop in bottles. They are a definite keeper.
This rail worked well for a while..but my 3 year old daughter broke it since where 2 metal rods meet at top is pretty weak. I guess there would be no way to make it stronger, but I was just frustrated that it completely broke after a few months. Also seems like it took a really long time to put together. But it did work well while it was up!
My 2 1/2 year old has the LOCOMOTION nursery (not the one shown on this website) , and it was very easy to find him sheets to go on his toddler bed for that theme.  Now that I have another 4 month old son, we wanted a theme that he could grow in. I thought I would go with planes or boats, but when I saw this at BRU I fell in love! The colors look like a heathered navy, and the picture really doesnt do this set justice! I got the ENTIRE set for my shower (bedding, lamp, diaperstaker, boarder, window valance, rug and even some stickers (other sports theme) that can peel on and off the walls easily!). My son just adores his room. Reilly always looks up at his bumper and giggles, he likes reaching his hand out to touch it. I also have a natural wooden crib and the set looks adoring. The only part of the set that I returned before opening, was the mobile since I had found a better one that doesnt really go with a theme. I never had a problem with the sheets, I actually love them! This set is soo nice because I can easily incorperate other sports things into it. I have a sports garbage can and hamper from another set. This set is just so precious and I can see using it for many many year. I cant wait till he can really apreciate how adorable his room is... I love it, my husband loves it, and my sons love it...
We absolutely love the Twilight Turtle at our house.  I have a 3 year old and 1 year old.  They share a room that is 10'X10' (small) with standard height ceiling and the stars show up well no matter what level the turtle is placed at (on bed, dresser, etc.).  It's great because it shows actual constellations that you can learn about and then look for the real ones outside sometime.  Here is the reason I gave Twilight Turtle only 4 stars:  We got him January 2010.  The batteries he came with lasted quite awhile.  When I changed them late July/ early August he suddenly didn't work anymore.  I could see through the holes that the amber light was on, but not projecting and the blue and green were not coming on at all.  We were so sad.  I didn't think there was any way to do an exchange, or I just didn't feel like dealing with it because I bought it online and it had been 8 months.  I kept putting off dealing with it, but continued to be sad about not being able to use the turtle.  Last week I finally decided to try to contact the manufacturer, Cloud B.  I contacted them via email.  They responded very promptly and gave me a list of suggestions about what could be causing the issue.  The issue turned out to be that I had put in Energizer batteries.  Apparently Energizer and Kirkland signature brand batteries in particular have a very short "neck" or connector point.  Cloud B suggested using Rayovac.  I immediately went out and got Rayovac batteries and our Twilight Turtle is back!  I am so glad I decided to contact Cloud B and figure this out.  Otherwise, sad to say, he would have been tossed.  I feel that Cloud B should have made it known about the battery issue from the beginning, but they really did have great customer service.
expensive, but one of the items i use at least every other day.  my daughter is small, so it was pretty necessary for her comfort in the highchairs in restaurants and the grocery carts.  she loves the feel of it and that toys can be hung on the loops!
This is a plus soft pillow that gets used daily with my 3 month old. I dont find the straps annoying at all as they are good for safety to prevent baby from slipping out of the pillow. I DO let her take naps in it while being supervised and she loves it. Must have for all new moms.
My 6 month granddaughter can easily hold this toy and the shapes on the ring  can easily fit into her mouth. They have roughened surfaces which help her gums.
My son comes to work with me and I keep him in here when he's active - sleepy. I've had it now for almost a year. What a great buy.
This lightweight brush is easy to hold and works great at scrubbing bottles.  The price was a bargain compared to the first sponge-tipped brush we bought.  Recommended.
I needed a gate that could fit the wide hall space between 2 rooms.  This item worked perfectly.  The best part was that it required no tools and minimal intelligence to build.  Parts are symmetrical, so that it only works the way it is meant to.  Also, it does not require any installation into the wall, since it is a pressure fit.  Bravo.
I really like the Snoogle. I got it when I was around 5 months and starting to get uncomfortable at night. Now I'm almost 7 months and it definitely provides the support I need. Plus it's a nice barrier to keep my husband from kicking me in the shins in his sleep, but that's another story. My only complaint is the cover is scratchy and hard to put back on after washing. I've been contemplating making my own slipcover for it so it will be more comfortable. Otherwise I would have given it 5 stars.Edit - I'm now 33 weeks and probably couldn't sleep without this thing. I may be sleeping a little too soundly because when I wake up and try to roll over or get up I can barely move. But at least I'm sleeping!
i used this on my baby's infant car seat and now it's on the stroller. it keeps my baby nice and cozy. I like that it zips up on both sides and is easy to strap on (once you actually read the instructions!).I wish it was a bit warmer though... I still find it necessary to put a blanket on top of it when its really cold out and to use a coat with it.
It worked really well to allow our child to sleep safely between us and the nightlight at the top was awesome for middle of the night diaper changes.  The only part that I didn't like was that it seemed like there was a ridge or something halfway between the top and bottom of it.  I'm not sure how many night time wakings could have been from him not liking the uneven surface.. :/  overall though, it was really great for when we realized our newborn wasn't about to try out his own crib.  I think we express ordered this thing so we could get some sleep finally.
This is great! I was able to give my child many different types of foods and not worry about him choking. He loved that he could hold it himself and eat. I would not live without this tool. This is my standard baby shower gift now and have recieved many thanks for it. Wonderful. I can't say enough good things about it.
There are so many pros, so few cons to this gate.  It's tall, there's no way my 2-year-old can get over it.  Incredibly convenient swinging door.  If you follow the instructions on how to correctly tighten it on the door frame you won't have trouble.  I didn't do that the first time and I was getting frustrated.  The gate was smarter than me!My son, who is Mr. Motor Skills, cannot open it.Would make an excellent dog gate for small dogs.Sometimes the pedal can get sticky and you have to push on it a little harder, but that's really my only complaint.
Frankly, I was simply looking for a cheap diaper pail that wasn't despised by Amazon reviewers and this one met my expectations.  In fact, I can't think of anything I'd bother paying more money for and this makes so far for a handy diaper pail.  I love its simple design.  The pedal is very handy, especially in combination with the size--we... sometimes do our diaper changing on a pad on the floor, so this is easy to hit and short enough to get the diaper into.  The fresh quality?  Indeed, it's so far doing well in keeping our home stink-free.  I noticed other reviewers commenting on the sheer amount of diapers this fits, and even so I'm pleasantly surprised.  I like that I don't have to rush out and purchase special liners, so this is economic in that regard.This will probably be a keeper for kids to come.  It satisfies all my simple requirements beautifully:  small, holds lots of diapers, doesn't stink.
We use this when I don't feel like taking my son's shirt off to feed him.  He tends to make a mess when he is feeding himself so this makes sure it stays off his clothes.  Love that this is super easy to clean.
All in all a great set of bibs. The colors are lovely (and work for boys or girls), we haven't had any problems with the color running or fading from the multiple washings they are enduring, and the fact that they are logo free is just icing. The bibs are thinner than I had anticipated, but this doesn't seem to affect their absorbency, and my son's shirts manage to stay dry underneath. As for size, my son is 30 inches long and 19lbs and the bibs fit him comfortably around the neck and cover to just above his belly button--I think we will only be able to wear them for another 2 months before we have to get a bigger size. **Make sure you close the tabs before washing or the velcro sticks to everything.
This is perfect for transporting bottles to and from daycare. We use 9 oz AVENT Natural bottles, which are wide, and this cooler holds three easily.  It probably will hold four, but we only send three to daycare. I can only see it accommodating 6 bottles if they are really narrow. The top compartment is handy for small items like pacifiers. The only thing that would make this cooler better is if it was a little easier to zip. I wish I could zip/unzip it with one hand.  I find that I can't zip it while holding my son, so I have to put him down while loading/unloading his bottles.  Otherwise, it's perfect for our needs and great for the price!
The toy twists different ways but it is much more rigid than i was expecting. Even the soft chewable surfaces are quite hard plastic and not at all flexable. Our baby has no teeth but I'm pretty sure that a full toothed kid couldn't do much damage to this. Lastly, our boy is completely uninterested in it and just drops it immediately every time we give it to him.
Item arrived fast and in perfect condition.  This gate is perfect for the top of our stairs.  We purchased this gate in 2006 for our second baby, but we did not keep it.  So when baby #3 came along, I purchased another gate.  The gate is screwed into our bannister on one side.  The other side is our wall which has molding at the bottom, so we had to put up a 2x4 so the gate would be secure.  I think my husband used longer screws than what came with the gate.
I love this seat for my two month old, who can't quite sit up on her own yet.  Mine doesn't have the belt but I don't think she needs it.  If you get this, get the play tray too.  We use this in the kitchen, I plop her in there while I'm cooking and set her on the kitchen table.  Since my kitchen is tiny and this chair doesn't take up much space, this works great for my needs for now.  I don't think it'll last too long as I think she'll outgrow it quickly but then again, my friend's 4 year old squeezed herself into it the other day so it really depends on how big the kiddo's thighs are I guess!  I do like the squishy-ness of the seat and squish it into her rocking chair so I can take pictures of her sitting in that chair.  This chair also works well for my friend's baby who needs to always be upright due to acid reflux issues.
I bought these for my great granson & his mother is very pleased with them. very easy to use. It helps not having to wash a dirty bottle, just simple to clean.
I did my fair share of research when I decided to buy a new swing. This one was surprisingly one of the cheapest and also had all the features I was looking for. The thing I like the most is the light show, which keeps my baby's attention. Another great thing about this swing is that it plugs into the wall so I dont have to buy batteries all the time. You can also switch it to battery power if you want to take it outside or something. The mobile is cute and the sounds are soothing. My 18 month old and 3 year old love to play with it also. The volume control is also handy, I turn the volume up when he is just sitting there to keep him entertained; and I turn the volume down lower when I want him to go to sleep. I saw a lot of complaints about the color. The checkered parts of the swing do look more purple than blue, but in my opinion it is not overdone. This swing is perfect for a boy or girl.
I bought the rainforest jumparoo and my parents bought the exersaucer for my son to use. While the Jumparoo is fun, the exersaucer wins hands down. It is nice that it breaks down and the exersaucer now travels where my son goes but beyond that the toys keep him occupied for hours (ok at least an hour straight, but just imagine what you can do with that hour). One downfall is the bar that goes over the exersaucer. it was always in the way and really takes away from the product. Fortunately it comes off. This product gets 5 stars even though you have to take the bar off.
Was an inch longer than what I needed (that's why I put 4 stars) but I was still able to make it work. I put an original thin mattress in a playpen first to make a base, that way our new mattress was firmer and didn't sink in the middle. I am glad I made this purchase.
Great crib mattress cover. Well made. Stood up to plenty of washings and fits snugly of the mattresses. Very cozy for babies.
I have had other baby carriers with my two older children and this one is definitely my favorite. It was easy to use and felt very sturdy. Unfortunately, my son didn't like being in it, but he's not much of a snuggler so I'm guessing it is his personality and not the carrier that is the issue. :) I'd recommend this item to other parents.
I definitely love that it is clear and not tacky. There's a plastic ring/hook on the front. I didn't understand why it was there, but it is a great feature! I use it to hold it so that I don't touch the nipple part. So convenient. I docked one star for the shape/design of the plastic part. I'm sure it all depends on the baby's chubbiness and shape of the mouth and chin, but the pacifier pressed against my baby's chin and left a sort of reddish mark each time he used it. I tried the MAM pacifiers as well, and those were a better fit for my son. I use this and the MAM ones. I also tried a Soothie, but my son wouldn't take it. It is either because the Soothie is shaped differently or because the nipple on it is much smaller than the avg pacifier.
My 5.5 month old just loves his sophie. He will chew on it all day long. I did notice, as other reviewers mentioned, that the paint is starting to rub off a little in the places he chews the most.Also, I was thankful to read the reviews on the choking hazard, so I can be extra careful in the future when letting him play with her on his tummy.
We originially bought this toy because we didn't have any great doorways that would work for a jumper.  We also knew that this one was safer because our daughter wouldn't be able to bounce her head into anything.  Although it's pricey, this jumperoo paid us back in the first few days.  We put our daughter in it when she was 4 months old, and she loved it from then on.  She would sometimes jump in this for an hour!  Not only did it give mommy some time to get household chores done, our daughter was totally entertained and the jumperoo is great for building leg strength!  Plus, we could put this anywhere in the house or take it to Grammy's.  It is a bit cumbersome to fold up for travel, but it can be done, and is worth it!I think a jumper is a must-have for babies.  And the Jumperoo is the only choice for a jumper.  It is MUCH safer than the ones that attach to door frames.  You will not be disappointed!!
Snack Trap Cup are one of the best inventions ever, being the mother of a toddler I know. These may not be one of the cheapest snack trap cups, but they are one of the best.
MY DAUGHTER LOVES THE TASTE AND THE BRUSH ON HER GUMS VERY CUTE AND GOOD PRICE WOULD RECOMMEND TO OTHER MOMS.
We are using this on the dog room so that when the dogs are in their room, our little one doesn't go in there to bother them (it is their own piece of heaven/quiet)There was no problem installing it, we actually drilled it in.It haven't fallen off and fit on the handle just fine.It doesn't auto lock so if we want the handle to lock properly we have to spent a split second making sure it is set correctly.So far our 1.5 y.o. who can open all the other door knobs and levers hasn't figured this one out.
This is a very nice hat. It's very warm. The only problem I have with it is, it's a little big for my 2 month old right now. I put it on her and it goes right over her eyes. I also got one for my 20 month old, just the bigger version and it fits her perfectly. I'm hoping by the time colder weather rolls around, the hat will fit my baby. She should be about 4 months old by the time she needs this hat, so we'll see.
I got this for my fifth baby with the intention of really swaddling this time. She was an April baby in Upstate NY. She is also a sweaty baby and likes her space. We used this maybe three times.If you're getting it for summer weight, I found it too warm even for the spring time. Quality wise, it was nice and laundered well. It just didn't really work for us.
We got these for our twins (now 3 years old) and we LOVE them.  The boys had to have cereal in their formula and they couldn't get it out of the fast flow nipples.  I found that they work Great for a little cereal and when we got to the point that we were giving them more cereal in their formula (we called it formula shakes) I cut 1 tip of the the Y part and it was perfect.  You may not have to do this with your little one, we did because they both had alot of trouble sucking so this assisted them.  Don't cut to far or it will rip.  I also found that you have to buy new nipples every once in a while because they can split BUT it's worth it.  Do what works for you.  These were perfect for us.
This is loads of fun, handles on the side so small hands can hold, and then surprise the child can put their hand in the top, pull out their treat, eat, no spills, no mess,they can throw the cup on the floor and no spills.  We see many kiddo's at the zoo with these cups and just had to have one for our little girl.
This is a great product. It's easy for the babes to sit on comfortably. It's easy to clean b/c it only has one part. And it has that nice rubber ring on the bottom to prevent slides.
Great product and does exactly what it is designed to do support your furniture to the wall.  Just make sure you secure the wall aspect to a stud or wall anchor.
This is exactly what I was looking for.  Nice soft cotton is warm without being too hot.  I like the reverse zipper for changing baby's diaper without having to completely uncover him.
I orginally purchased this stroller because the Graco I used with my first child would not fit in the trunk of my new car, but this one fit perfect with room to spare, and the new car is a MUSTANG..That's right this stroller fits in the trunk of a sports car. I have never had a problem with it (although while I was shopping for it, the competetors verson's wheel fell of right there in the store, and I put it right back on the shelf, after complaining of course). It is sooo light weight, and folds down sooo easy. And so many other mothers have eyeballed it and then had to approach me to find out what it was, and where I got it so they could go buy one too.I love it so much more than the Graco stroller I bought to go with the car seat originally.
My son needed more freedom but our living room was not baby friendly.  I had two choices - get rid of my glass top tables and take everything down or buy this gate...I went with the gate!  I purchased this as well as the extension.  I did move the coffee table and setup it up in the middle of the room.  My son was so happy!  He had his own space with his own toys and could be around everyone else without getting in trouble.  It was easy to setup (already comes assembled) and the extensions attached without a headache.  It is very durable, very sturdy, and kid friendly.  We are using it now to protect the Christmas tree since our son is old enough to walk and move around the house on his own so it has continued use after your child outgrows it.
These are by far the BEST burp cloths around.  I got several different kinds at my baby shower.  I ordered these after reading the reviews because the ones I received at the shower were paper thin.  These are fabulous.  I buy them for every baby shower I go to now.  The middle panel is very thick and helps with a newborn that spits up a lot and those breastfeeding blunders that happen to a new mom.  I highly recommend them.  They are worth the money.
I watched this item for months waiting for a  sale... finally found a one-day sale at walmart where i bought it for $17 (online).the sound is very soft, but still enjoyable for baby.The dual motion of the spinning animals and opening/closing leaves is very stimulating for baby. At 5 months, he still loves it. Of course, it has never soothed him to sleep - perhaps because it is so stimulating.Also good to note - this is a very heavy (and top heavy) mobile. I find it places some pressure on the side of my (Davinci Emily) crib. This is not a good mobile for a portable crib, like a pack-and-play.Smelled a little chemical-ly when I opened it... but that smell went away.At first, one of the leaves was too stiff and stayed in place while the others moved... I would manually move it in time with teh others and after a few days it loosened up... I assume that flaw was just a fluke... most people dont seem to have that problem, but if you do - thats how I fixed it.It is easy to take on and off the crib - as it has a screw back - but I think it kind of scratches the crib when I take it on and off... and the MDB crib does scratch sometimes.Colors are very bright, cheerful and visible to baby. Animals are plush and very cute.The product instructions say not to use past 5 months... we have - but will take off after baby pushes up on hands and feet.Good to know that this converts to a crib music/light box after the baby is too old for the mobile. Music is soft and not annoying. There are three settings - night light (where the lower body of the mobile lights up) lights + mobile, or just mobile.Quite a large, bulky mobile but baby loves it. Music lasts 18 minutes - just enough time for mommy to take care of one thing around the house! My active child cannot be fascinated by it much longer than that... For longer playtimes, we go with the Baby Einstein play mat.
Perfect size for a flat ice pack, one bottle, maybe two and a pur&eacute;e. Small enough to fit into a diaper bag and large enough to get a few hours worh of feedings for the little one. We use this for dinners w friends, church on Sunday ams, anywhere we'll be for just an hour or two.
Its a pretty good wipe warmer. Keeps wipes pretty moist. Also fits on the Prince Lionheart diaper depot. The only real drawbacks are that it doesn't have any way to secure it to the changing table without the diaper depot... and it is a bit bulky.
This is a wonderful toy that is fun, educational, and affordable! The cars are different colors, and each has a different number, 1 - 4, to help a child learn counting and colors. They also stack on top of each other and nest inside of each other.(The nesting feature is great for storage too). Each car has a neat fun feature for little ones to explore (e.g., the small car is also a rattle, the large fire truck's ladder moves, etc.) The cars are also very sturdy (as has been proven by my son repeatedly banging them together,) and they are easy for little hands to grab onto. At 6 months of age, my son really enjoys looking at the toys, passing them from one hand to the other, banging them together, and, of course, putting them in his mouth. I imagine this toy will remain one of my son's favorites as he learns to stack them and roll them on the floor. I would highly recommend this item.
There is a sponge at the bottom of the warmer that you have to take out every now and then and rinse.  Unless you put that on your calendar you tend to forget, and after a while the sponge turns yellow and looks really gross.Besides that the warmer is great and does everything we expect it to do.
Love this bath tub for my baby. When he turned 6 months old and was sitting up, I knew I needed something new for him as he had grown out of his infant tub, but was not ready to sit in the big bath tub yet. I like this tub because it provides a soft, comfortable place for him to sit, and the heat sensor is quite useful so that you don't accidentally make the water too hot. Plus, it's only $10, so you can't beat that. You can also take it to the beach, pool, or wherever you want for play-time, too, once the baby outgrows it as a bath tub!
Perfect weight, has held up to daily use and washed at least once a week for the past 5 months +.
As a first time parent, I was constantly reading reviews of baby items before I made purchases.  This tub was rated very highly and so I thought I'd give it a go.  No disappointment here--its rated highly for good reason.The tub worked beautifully for my premature baby because of the hammock that straps over the top, making it easy to give my baby a sponge bath while he was cradled in the hammock.  Now that he's bigger and doesn't need the hammock anymore, the tub is still working well for both of us.  The plug that changes color when the temperature of the water is too hot is hard to see, but it does work and its nice to have.Of all my baby item purchases, this is one of my absolute favorites.  I highly recommend this product--most especially for bathing your preemie or newborn!
I was on the fence about buying this toy due to its price, but one day I went shopping at the farmer's market and EVERY baby had one. So I thought, heck, all these kids like it, why not give it a shot? And you know what- my daughter does like it! It smells rubbery (not plasticky) but that doesn't seem to dissuade the little ones. It has many parts that are easy for little hands to grip (all the legs and the neck), and good places of harder rubber to chew (the ears and whatever those little vestigial horns are between the ears), and it even squeaks like old-school dog toys. What's not to love? Just the price!
Fits nicely on stroller w/ velcro straps.  Just a little smaller than I realized.  Can really only fit about 2 diapers, wipes and powder.  There is a small pouch on the side for bottle or sippy cup.  That's about it.  Good for quick trips.
We used this a lot in our first summer with our daughter as she was sensitive to the sun as a lot of new babies are.  It allows the air to flow freely through it, versatile and adaptable to most if not all strollers.  Later on as our daughter grew bigger, she would play with it too, constantly pulling on it.  I would say you will not use it much after your child grows past the 6 month mark.
We did alot of research on diaper pails and this one came out on top.  It's virtually odor free (though not always!) and sturdy.  We also like the fact that it can be used as a trash can later on.  Most importantly, the bags are super easy to change!
Our baby slept in a portable crib next to us until 4 months-- we used this when he would wake up in the wee hours of the morning to entertain him and put him back to sleep. The claw that hangs the mobile is strong and secure so I never worried about it falling on to the baby (the mobile itself is pretty heavy). We will be bringing it with us on some upcoming *long* travels to entertain baby. It has simple 'friends' and doesn't overstimulate our little one. A unique item that you won't commonly see.
I am a first time mom, and the first few days of breastfeeding my new son were so difficult.  I was in tears several times trying to get him positioned correctly and latched on.  Even with a bunch of pillows strategically placed, it felt very precarious and it was frustrating for both of us.I bought this pillow while I was still pregnant but was too stubborn to try it since I felt like I should be able to go without it.  Once I finally got it out, I fell in love with it.  It's SO much easier to position my son correctly, and once he's latched on I often end up with two free hands!  The firmness of the pillow makes it easy to keep him in place.  There are two small bumps on the pillow that I originally thought were to rest his head on (and were oddly placed for that purpose) but I finally realized they were to keep him from rolling away.The pillow overall is very well designed - the backrest is great when sitting on the floor or a firmer chair, and I keep my lanolin and extra breast pads in the little pocket.  The other great thing is that, now that we've had some good sessions, I can nurse him without the pillow if I need to.  We still use it 95% of the time, though, just because it's so comfortable for both of us.This pillow made all the difference in the breastfeeding experience for me and my son.  He's now almost three weeks old and eating like a pro.  I would recommend this to anyone who is planning to breastfeed their little one!
This pad can be used for anything! I use one under my sheets in the area my son likes to spit up on, under him during &quot;let's give that touschi some air&quot; time, and as a take along for diaper changes...no one's going to tell you but they secretly don't want you to change your baby on their bed or sofa! Go figure.Also, unlike their cousin the 'Quilted Crib Mattress Pad' it doesn't pill up enough to care.
I have a 16 month old daughter and I am 4 months pregnant with my second baby. All my friends told me that I needed to get a bouncer for my first child. I did and she hated it. Then I was on amazon and I found this. She loves the Rocking position but I need to keep VERY close eye on her because she likes to stand up in it. For me it was difficult to put together because I had "help" from my 16 month old daughter. I love the adorable bug pattern.I am looking forward to the arrival of our second child and boy or girl, I hope they like it.I only gave it 4 stars because it's a good product and I like it, But when I look for a 5 star item it must knock my socks off and this didn't.
Appearance is great, works great for the past month. I got used to Celsius, and because it shows both Fahrenheit and Celsius it fits best for me. Sound for "too hot/too cold" water is right the best volume.
We've been using this (washed) for one + months in our Graco Pack n Play.  It fits well and is made of quality materials.  I would recommend this and am considering purchasing another for myself and one for the grandparents who have a chicco pack n play.  I just haven't done it yet.
I received this item as a gift.  It fits any standard bag, I use 13 gallon Kitchen bags.  Being able to use any brand will save you money.  I change the bag once or twice a week and spray the pail out with lysol when I change the bag.  I also buy those gel bead air fresheners (target) and I pour some in the top lid and replace as needed.  I would definitely recommend this pail I have been using it almost 8 months with no problems.
Love these blankets! They are a great size and perfect for babies of all sizes. Comes with helpful instructions for how to swaddle.
The pros:Gentle gliding motion with a fast and slow setting.It does not take up a big amount of room.Batteries last a long time in this unit.The cons:The soft gender neutral design/pattern isn't overly attractive.  But there other prints of this same model available.Overall our baby loves it.  I put her in drowsy & she's "rocked" to sleep within minutes.  I am very thankful for this product!
When the doc told us to put cereal in his bottle, we couldn't have lived without the level 3's.  They are the only one with a hole big enough to get the thicker liquid through.
This nursing pillow is very functional.  It is not too soft, so it provides good support for the baby. I didn't even need the additional boost pillow, but it was good to know that I had options. He still uses it as a pillow when watching Sesame Street. It has come in very handy on many occasions.
All bibs are not created equal & this one stands high above the others!! As a first time parent I wish someone had told me just to buy 2 or 3 of these & not any others. Tommee Tippee and the Bumkins (while cuter) just do not compare when it comes to catching food & protecting clothes. We've had no issues putting these in dishwasher even tho the label doesn't say you can, and the sturdy pocket that doesn't compress does a WAY better job of grabbing food. The neck hole adjusts much smaller than the TT ones to prevent staining on shirt necklines. They not as portable as some, but are by far our favorite!
I have six month old twins, and going anywhere with them is usually a huge headache, especially if I don't know how long we'll be out.  I used to pack up the whole formula can in a bag and take it with me along with a couple water bottles; it was large, heavy, ungainly, and a pain to measure out the scoops on the go.  It's big enough hassle formula feeding in public, what with all the nosy breastfeeding militants who don't know your situation; don't make it even harder than it has to be.I read on some of the other reviews that the lids were hard to open; I'm not really sure what they're talking about.  Unless you have no strength in your hands whatsoever (or arthritis, maybe) you shouldn't have a problem opening these.They hold at least three scoops of formula with extra room; I expect they'd hold up to four or five.  The cap is funnel shaped so the formula is easy to pour into the bottles, and there's notches to hold it in the right sections.My only complaint about this is that you can't choose the colors.  I got two pink and purple ones, and I have two boys.  It would be nice if Amazon would let you choose the colors, but it's not a huge deal to me.
These bibs are fantastic because the Velcro closure stays flat so it won't irritate my baby's neck. They are a bit thin but still absorbs well.
I have been breastfeeding my son, since he was born, and now he is 9 months old. I couldn't have done it without this Avent pump. As a first time mother, I always knew I wanted to breastfeed my child, but it was a lot harder for me than I thought it would be. My son had trouble latching on in the hospital, and so, until he could breastfeed consistently (I went to a lactation consultant and she worked wonders), I was pumping my breast milk for him. At the hospital, they provided me with a Medela manual pump. It was PAINFUL. I eventually got calluses from pumping with the Medela pump. So then I was considering whether to buy the Medela electric or the Avent Isis, and I went for the Avent, a much more economical buy. This pump is so comfortable, it really imitates the suckling action of the baby. At first, all the parts might seem overwhelming, but when you put the pump together, it's a breeze and washes easily. I chose the disposable system because I thought it would be more convenient if I traveled to take the pump, however, I find I use the reusable 4 oz bottles a lot more frequently. Whether you're taking the pump on vacation,to work, to extract milk for an occasional bottle or to mix for cereal, this pump is a great buy. Now that my son is older, it is harder for me to pump so much milk (the let-down takes a little longer, and he drinks less, so I do have to pump a bit), but it's so convenient if you have to go out and run an errand, or freeze your milk so that you'll always have supply on hand for the babysitter.
I was looking for a simple, cute, real wood rocking horse for our son's birthday and boy is there a huge price range! This one seems to be a steal of a deal price-wise and is sturdy and cute as can be! We are very happy with it.Update: I noticed a wooden rocking horse from POTTERY BARN that is incredibly similar, but slightly LESS cute than this one. And it costs 100 bucks! So that made me feel rather proud of my purchase :)
My 1 mo. daughter is breast feed but we supplement her with 1 bottle at night. We use these DR Brown wide bottles and she has little if any spit up, no colic and very little if any gas! I think they work wonderful. And the great thing is, I started using this in the hospital (she was in special care for 5 days) and to this day we have NO NIPPLE CONFUSION!!!  I cant say enough about these bottles. Oh, and no need to buy the 4 oz bottles, theses work great for little amounts or big. One of our best baby purchases!
Installation can be tricky based on your stairwell design.  I had to add some wood pieces to make it line up correctly.  However, once installed it outperforms the models all of my friends currently have.  It is so easy to open and close.  I love it!!  I almost want to purchase it for my friends because the systems they have are rather annoying.
I bought this becuase my daughter refused to wear most bibs. This bib is great because it is so light she barely notices it. The sleeves make it more difficult for her to pull it off for a while but now, at 2, she can easily take it off if she wants to. But she will usually wear it. The coverage is great - much more than a standard bib and it is easy to clean. I usually rinse it off in the sink and hang it up to dry after each meal. I machine wash it every few days and it has held up perfectly. I am very happy with this purchase and would not get any other bib.
I about passed out when I read on the tag that this item was made in the USA.  What a HUGE plus for me.  Overall this is a nice pad.  We're replacing our aging Sealy that we've been using for the past 19 months.  We actually bought this to use for our newborn come December, but put it into active duty early for our 19 month old son.Sides are nicely sloped for safety and it comes with screws and straps incase you want to fasten it to your changing table/dresser as well as a strap to hold your child on it.
This is nice accessory, I'm happy that I ordered it. It makes the seat more comfortable, and also protects the seat, it's easy to wash. The material could be better quality, it feels a bit cheap... And for the steep price, I would have expected better. Still, it's the only one designed for this seat and it fits perfectly, for me it's an essential with my BOB. Bottom line, I would recommend it.
Yes, they are smaller than advertised, but I like and would recommend these because:1) They are covered so the smells from your freezer doesn't get into the breast milk and/or baby food purees.2) Keeps the foods safe & its easy to label the lid so you know what's inside.3) Great to freeze and transfer foods to ziplock bags for long-term storage.4) Lid fit securely - no accidents.Be sure to leave the tray out on the counter for a couple minutes for easy food removal.Overall, I used them a lot for purees and were a good buy.
These are great for teething babies, especially if you put fruit in them and pop them in the freezer for a few hours. A few reviewers have complained that they are hard to clean. The only thing I had a hard time cleaning out of them was banana. Generally, I turned the little "bag" part inside out and put them in the top rack of my dishwasher. If you clean them out right away, you have less of a problem. They are also good for just holding a plain old ice cube when baby is teething. These are a great shower gift.
This is a wonderful gate when you have your hands full, as I often do.  We've used gates for years with our pets, and this is by far superior to any others we've used.  We actually went out and bought a second gate when we saw how great they are.
I wanted a second base to go with our Travel System, that we got from Target: Graco Alano Classic Connect Travel System - Scribbles. It works fine, I had to use a beach towel to roll up under it for our 99 Chevy Blazer but don't need anything under it for our 2014 Subaru Impreza. It's a different color than the base that came with out travel system but the color doesn't matter to us -- we just wanted to save a few bucks.
when I got this item this morning , it did not have a outside box, and i opened it the reciept is missing as well, this delivery is worse than last time.Have not assembled yet but the rocker looks nice
I purchased a different monitor and ..., ended up exchanging and puchasing this monitor.  The clairty is so good and it's as if my baby is in the same room.  The price is also unbeatable.  I highly recommend this monitor.
These scissors are well designed for an infant. The blades are very short which makes it very safe to use. It gives new mothers the confidence to trim babies' nails even if they fuss! This is my third gift purchase.
Used these for all my baby food purees, easy to remove, easy to clean.  Now that we are done with baby food I use these to store excess broth, wine, etc for recipes.
We own more than 10 of these bibs, and we love them. As far as I am concerned, they cannot be improved upon. Buy one and see. They are totally waterproof, roll up and stuff into diaper bags easily, and they come out of the wash looking like new. Even after 2 years of heavy use. Seriously, stop researching and buy this product (or any other Bumkins bib!)
Our baby loves this toy. We hang it over her changing table, and it is a happy diversion. She bats it around and coos at it--it is a great favorite!
I like the overall look of this travel diaper bag. It's only great for short trips or doctor's visits because it doesn't hold that many diapers. But it's easy to travel with, especially when you are already holding a million things in your hands, arms and maybe legs too!Warning: the red baby wipe travel case that came with the product dyed my baby wipes red! I have no idea why, but good thing I have so many of those wipe travel cases I just replaced it with another one. Problem solved.
I received this as a gift at my baby shower.  It has become my favorite baby item (rating up there with my Aden and Anais blankets!). First, the sheep itself is adorable.  However, more importantly, it has four buttons with soothing sounds for baby.  The best sound for a newborn: the heartbeat.  I put my (now 2 months old) baby in his basinet and immediate turn on the heartbeat.  It creates a peaceful environment for him and allows him to fall asleep without hearing my heartbeat (mommas and dads need sleep too!).  The other sounds are lovely as well (rain and whale).This sheep hooks right on to the outside of the crib (important because you don't want anything in there for risk of suffocation).  Someday, when my child is older, you can take the hard sound box right out, zip the sheep back up, and voila - he is a soft little stuffed animal.If you are registering for a baby shower or attending one, this is truly a top notch gift.
This was one of my favorite shower gifts.  The carrying case is roomy enough to store all your bath products and lotions and keep everything within reach.  I can easily carry the case in one hand and the baby in the other and not have to worry if I've brought everything I need into the bathroom for bath time.The products included in the case are wonderful!  When I registered for this item, it was more for the storage - I didn't realize how much I would love the products.  The lavendar soap is my favorite (shampoo and body wash)- it isn't too perfumey and my son smells so good after his bath.  Even my husband likes the smell - and he was adamant that he didn't want our son smelling "like a girl".The products are all very mild - a couple of times some soap has accidentally gotten in my son's eyes, yet he didn't seem bothered by it at all.  Recently, my son got his first cold and since he is too young for decongestants, the vapor bath really helped to clear up his nasal passages (and mine too!)  I definitely recommend this product for all new moms
My family and I travel quite a bit and I needed something that I could use in the plane or overseas where I might not always have access to a plug. While they do go through batteries quickly, it wasn't a problem for me because I only used it when absolutely necessary. Great for a mom on the go!
Really soft and useful bib for your little one. Its  easy to clean and takes care of mess unde the table.
The stars and moon are bright and easy to look at for the baby.  The only con is that they are stationary so the baby gets bored of the lights after a little while.
My son loves to play with these, and they are adorable. My biggest complaint is that they flip upside down in the water too often because they are bottom heavy.
My infant had very sensitive skin from about 4 to 7 months. My ped recommended this cream and it is worth every penny!  No fragrance and great consistency.  Highly recommend for rashy, sensitive babies.
Works excellent with things like soup and cereal.  Soup used to get all over the 2-year old toddler we had in our custody for 6 months (foster kid).  After purchasing this, no mess!  Plus she occasionally decided to eat out of it so we didn't waste food, either.  She was a chubby little kid and I was worried it wouldn't fit, but it was perfectly sized.  Much better than the flat plasticky ones that aren't permanently open.
Love this product - no smell - easy to change the bags - I don't have any complaints.
Easy to clean and wipe down. Catches everything and love the designs. They are easily adjusted and would recommend to anyone.
great product does what it needs to do if only the product works better for small baseboards under 2 in. The template does not do well on baseboards since it will be short a few cm depend on how thick the baseboard is in depth.overall pretty sturdy
This was purchased for my grandson.  However his DAD loves it and is usinf it as the baby is only 3 months old...He will need to give it to the baby soon...
It is easy to fill this toy if you use the instructions other reviewers have written here. This does not come with instructions. My 6 month old hates tummy time so I thought this (like other reviewers have said) would be her magical ticket to enjoying tummy time. No such luck! She cries with tummy time just as much as ever. She does enjoy sitting by it and playing with it though. So, it's not the toy's fault. I probably would not purchase it if I had it to do over again, but it's not worthless as a basic toy.
My wife and I love this seat, it is easy to use, the height is adjustable, and it's easy to take anywhere. It is by far one of the best booster seats we have ever bought.
Another one of my favorite baby buys.  I live in an apartment complex and with a small dog.  This was perfect for just bringing my doggie out for a quick stop outside and I wouldn't have to tug along my huge stroller in the elevator for just a quick walk. I also stuff it in my stroller basket for when we do longer walks and baby gets fussy in the stroller.  I put her in this and it just calms her down.  I even used it in the house to do simple chores.  However, she is now close to 5 months and on the heavier side and the carrier is starting to kill my shoulders.  I just purchased the Ergo carrier and will see how that works since its suppose to shift their weight to your hips instead of them hanging on your shoulders.  So all in all, I loved this product SO MUCH especially when my baby was a newborn.  Also just keep in mind that with this color, the babys head will constantly be rubbing on the neck support so it tends to look dirty quickly.
most toddler sheets are 100% synthetic and over priced. these are nice reasonably priced sheets and I love that the top sheet is fitted at the bottom. We were able to teach my 2 yr old to cover herself up at night without help from mom and dad and now we are all sleeping better. She used to  wake me up because her feet were sticking out of the blanket but no more.
I am still a little nervous about feeding in public and this helps. I know I'm not going to drop it and expose myself and it also helps keep him from getting distracted. I recommend it for anyone who wants to bf in public.
My baby likes it. The sound is very good, the music selection is very soothing. I haven't changed the batteries in 4 months now. The leaves are cute and sleep-caller. :) I recommend it.
They are cute, and exactly what I expected.  no complaints and seem durable enough. considering ordering another set to finish out our changing table.
I really, really hate puns, so I resisted buying My Brest Friend... But I have to admit, it's a GREAT product. It's definitely much better than the Boppy. A few advantages:- You can strap it on and then get your baby. With the Boppy, trying to get the baby comfy and get the pillow in a useful position really takes two people.- You can leave it on and just let your baby sleep once he/she is done nursing.- You can multi-task, and even walk around with the thing (keeping at least one hand on your baby!)- The pocket on the end is actually quite useful. I keep a burp cloth and sometimes my phone or tv remote there.I've found it especially nice while traveling. It makes breastfeeding in the car or out and about much, much easier. One note, though: there are two types of covers, one with velcro, one without. Personally, I prefer the one without. The one with the velcro sometimes scratches my side with the velcro part.
These things are great -- catches crumbs and crayons and anything that drops, saving your car seats from becoming a mess.  This one was a great price and is good quality.  We are pleased with our purchase.
These bibs work very well compare to the cheap thin plastic ones.  The're soft, absorbant and fits snuggly around my 8 month old.  The only complain is that the velcro wears off quickly.  The best bet is to close the velcro before you put them in the washer.
I HATED washing bottles until I bought this! It is a breeze to get in and out of the bottle and you don't flick soap all over you when doing it! LOVE it!!
Our 9 month old baby boy has many of the little toys, and this is one of his favorites.  He likes to hold it and shake it back and forth.  Haba toys are the best!
These bibs are wonderful! They are terry cloth on both side and seem to truely have the lining in the middle because they last half a day on my teething 4.5 month old ds.  We go through these super quick between daycare and oat cereal at dinner which is why it is awesome to have 10! Plus I am one that hates all the dumb sayings on the bibs so it is nice that these are plain and they stay pretty true to color.  The red faded a little, make sure you wash that one and the dark blue separate the first time.  These would be better if the velcro was the soft kind.
We can't get enough of Haba toys and this one is no exception.  My infant daughter loved playing with it from 3m up.
With all the bells and whistles out today on baby products, all you want is for your baby to be safe and comfortable in their tub.  This is definitely the case with this tub.  It is contoured perfectly to cradle your newborn and the padded backrest keeps him/her from slipping.  I did not use the cradle, although it is a nice feature, because I felt it made my baby too cold.  This simple design works perfect and fits on single and double sinks.  I love that I will be able to use it into toddlerhood.  The plug and built in wash basin are convenient added features.
